the babies that the horses were calling have tried .	have the babies that the horses were calling tried ?
the person that does call the children shall sit .	shall the person that does call the children sit ?
the animals that those boys were feeding have visited the horses behind those boys .	have the animals that those boys were feeding visited the horses behind those boys ?
the boy who the girl has fed was sleeping .	was the boy who the girl has fed sleeping ?
some babies that some boys have called would know some child who has called the girls .	would some babies that some boys have called know some child who has called the girls ?
some people who would know those babies are working .	are some people who would know those babies working ?
some boys who have walked are knowing the horses .	are some boys who have walked knowing the horses ?
the girl that can feed those animals is falling .	is the girl that can feed those animals falling ?
the people who some child has picked have played .	have the people who some child has picked played ?
the child that shall draw has watched some animals by the people .	has the child that shall draw watched some animals by the people ?
this person who has reached the horses can see some child that is walking .	can this person who has reached the horses see some child that is walking ?
those children that were visiting some baby have drawn .	have those children that were visiting some baby drawn ?
some boy who this child would find has picked those girls who do draw .	has some boy who this child would find picked those girls who do draw ?
the babies that would visit this animal have picked the horse behind some girls .	have the babies that would visit this animal picked the horse behind some girls ?
the people who were watching some babies did talk .	did the people who were watching some babies talk ?
the child that has watched some baby is trying .	is the child that has watched some baby trying ?
those children who some person was feeding shall walk .	shall those children who some person was feeding walk ?
the horse who some horse is helping did call the babies behind some child .	did the horse who some horse is helping call the babies behind some child ?
those horses that do visit some animals are feeding some girl behind the animals .	are those horses that do visit some animals feeding some girl behind the animals ?
some child who would watch some boy has slept .	has some child who would watch some boy slept ?
the child who has reached the boys would help this boy .	would the child who has reached the boys help this boy ?
the animals who were visiting some animal have watched some horses by some horse .	have the animals who were visiting some animal watched some horses by some horse ?
some boy who some horses did reach has seen some boy behind this girl .	has some boy who some horses did reach seen some boy behind this girl ?
the child who shall feed this boy can read .	can the child who shall feed this boy read ?
this girl who some children have helped can work .	can this girl who some children have helped work ?
some girl that this animal has fed did feed those horses behind some horse .	did some girl that this animal has fed feed those horses behind some horse ?
the animals who can find this girl were calling some horses .	were the animals who can find this girl calling some horses ?
some horse that can fall has talked .	has some horse that can fall talked ?
the boy who is visiting those girls shall pick some girl that would sleep .	shall the boy who is visiting those girls pick some girl that would sleep ?
the animal who those people have picked can see the horses that are finding the horse .	can the animal who those people have picked see the horses that are finding the horse ?
this child that would find those boys is playing .	is this child that would find those boys playing ?
the boys who the babies have picked do sit .	do the boys who the babies have picked sit ?
those horses that those babies were picking shall know this child by some baby .	shall those horses that those babies were picking know this child by some baby ?
the horse that has walked can pick some person behind some girl .	can the horse that has walked pick some person behind some girl ?
some child that some animals are knowing has slept .	has some child that some animals are knowing slept ?
this girl that this girl shall reach is talking .	is this girl that this girl shall reach talking ?
some people that were calling this animal have read .	have some people that were calling this animal read ?
this child who the horse does call did work .	did this child who the horse does call work ?
those people that do sleep were feeding the girl by the children .	were those people that do sleep feeding the girl by the children ?
the babies who the horse shall know have worked .	have the babies who the horse shall know worked ?
the horse who some girls were helping is walking .	is the horse who some girls were helping walking ?
this boy that this girl is feeding shall talk .	shall this boy that this girl is feeding talk ?
the animals that are finding the animal shall visit those boys behind those animals .	shall the animals that are finding the animal visit those boys behind those animals ?
those girls who can try have walked .	have those girls who can try walked ?
the animals that the boys are helping were drawing .	were the animals that the boys are helping drawing ?
some people who shall sit have fed the people who are sleeping .	have some people who shall sit fed the people who are sleeping ?
some people that the person can reach did call the baby by the animal .	did some people that the person can reach call the baby by the animal ?
the baby that would watch those children did call this person by some girls .	did the baby that would watch those children call this person by some girls ?
the animals that the horse was watching would fall .	would the animals that the horse was watching fall ?
some babies who the girl can reach would know this horse behind the person .	would some babies who the girl can reach know this horse behind the person ?
some horse who shall pick those children can draw .	can some horse who shall pick those children draw ?
some animal that is helping some boy can play .	can some animal that is helping some boy play ?
some boys that have called this child do play .	do some boys that have called this child play ?
the children who can reach those animals are watching the children by some person .	are the children who can reach those animals watching the children by some person ?
this child that the boys have visited does read .	does this child that the boys have visited read ?
some animals who can walk have called some boy behind the baby .	have some animals who can walk called some boy behind the baby ?
some babies that can draw have played .	have some babies that can draw played ?
some animal that is picking the boys has drawn .	has some animal that is picking the boys drawn ?
the baby who some horse did call has walked .	has the baby who some horse did call walked ?
the girl that does feed those babies was working .	was the girl that does feed those babies working ?
those boys who are picking some person were drawing .	were those boys who are picking some person drawing ?
this horse that can know this baby has found the boy by the horse .	has this horse that can know this baby found the boy by the horse ?
the child who those animals have fed has watched those animals by the girl .	has the child who those animals have fed watched those animals by the girl ?
the children who those babies have found are knowing some children by some girl .	are the children who those babies have found knowing some children by some girl ?
those boys who did reach the boy shall watch the baby that the child shall find .	shall those boys who did reach the boy watch the baby that the child shall find ?
the horses who did draw are siting .	are the horses who did draw siting ?
this animal who would work has seen some animals who would walk .	has this animal who would work seen some animals who would walk ?
some boys that some horse has found have fallen .	have some boys that some horse has found fallen ?
some boy that the boys are helping did try .	did some boy that the boys are helping try ?
the animal who is feeding some girls shall sleep .	shall the animal who is feeding some girls sleep ?
those children who can reach some horse were visiting this baby behind the horses .	were those children who can reach some horse visiting this baby behind the horses ?
some boys that did walk are reading .	are some boys that did walk reading ?
this horse that the baby is seeing has played .	has this horse that the baby is seeing played ?
those people who some people were helping are siting .	are those people who some people were helping siting ?
this horse who can help some boys would pick the girls who the babies have picked .	would this horse who can help some boys pick the girls who the babies have picked ?
this girl who those boys do see has known some babies .	has this girl who those boys do see known some babies ?
the animals who have drawn do work .	do the animals who have drawn work ?
this person that those children were feeding would sleep .	would this person that those children were feeding sleep ?
the child who shall work does visit those children by those children .	does the child who shall work visit those children by those children ?
some boy that those people are helping was watching the animal .	was some boy that those people are helping watching the animal ?
those animals who were watching the horse are working .	are those animals who were watching the horse working ?
the animal who those babies are watching can feed some girls by some person .	can the animal who those babies are watching feed some girls by some person ?
some animal that the horses are finding was talking .	was some animal that the horses are finding talking ?
those people who did help some people have worked .	have those people who did help some people worked ?
those children that the girl does pick did watch the boy by the animal .	did those children that the girl does pick watch the boy by the animal ?
the babies who the animal is picking are drawing .	are the babies who the animal is picking drawing ?
some animals that this baby has found shall see the girl behind this animal .	shall some animals that this baby has found see the girl behind this animal ?
some babies who some boys were feeding do talk .	do some babies who some boys were feeding talk ?
the baby who this child was picking has drawn .	has the baby who this child was picking drawn ?
those girls who some children were seeing did watch some boy by the boys .	did those girls who some children were seeing watch some boy by the boys ?
those animals who some horses are finding have visited the boy behind some baby .	have those animals who some horses are finding visited the boy behind some baby ?
the child that this animal shall pick can play .	can the child that this animal shall pick play ?
the animals who those boys would reach can reach those boys behind some horse .	can the animals who those boys would reach reach those boys behind some horse ?
some baby who has called some children was watching this baby behind those people .	was some baby who has called some children watching this baby behind those people ?
the person who this horse has fed was visiting some child behind this boy .	was the person who this horse has fed visiting some child behind this boy ?
those boys who the child does watch have drawn .	have those boys who the child does watch drawn ?
this horse who the boy was seeing did feed the people who this horse is calling .	did this horse who the boy was seeing feed the people who this horse is calling ?
the horses who have called the boy can feed those people .	can the horses who have called the boy feed those people ?
some people who can talk did watch some horses that have tried .	did some people who can talk watch some horses that have tried ?
this baby who the children have helped has called this boy by the girl .	has this baby who the children have helped called this boy by the girl ?
some animals who have found some animal would see some girl .	would some animals who have found some animal see some girl ?
the children who this horse has visited have found some girl who the animals are calling .	have the children who this horse has visited found some girl who the animals are calling ?
some animal who some horses were visiting was reading .	was some animal who some horses were visiting reading ?
this animal that those horses have fed is reaching some animals by some animal .	is this animal that those horses have fed reaching some animals by some animal ?
some animal who has watched some girl is falling .	is some animal who has watched some girl falling ?
the girls that have seen the animals shall see some babies behind some animals .	shall the girls that have seen the animals see some babies behind some animals ?
some baby that shall watch the person was seeing some child who some person was feeding .	was some baby that shall watch the person seeing some child who some person was feeding ?
those babies that would help those babies were siting .	were those babies that would help those babies siting ?
those babies that the child has helped have helped some people that those boys would help .	have those babies that the child has helped helped some people that those boys would help ?
the child that has fed some girl is helping the babies .	is the child that has fed some girl helping the babies ?
the people that are sleeping have read .	have the people that are sleeping read ?
some children who are watching the animals would talk .	would some children who are watching the animals talk ?
the animals that have watched this boy shall watch the boy .	shall the animals that have watched this boy watch the boy ?
some person that shall help this girl has fallen .	has some person that shall help this girl fallen ?
some horse who would pick those babies was visiting those horses by the animals .	was some horse who would pick those babies visiting those horses by the animals ?
some babies who the child does know were drawing .	were some babies who the child does know drawing ?
some boys that this person was knowing are calling some children .	are some boys that this person was knowing calling some children ?
the animals that the animals have known were playing .	were the animals that the animals have known playing ?
the people who did visit some horse were reading .	were the people who did visit some horse reading ?
the people that some boy is feeding have seen the babies behind this baby .	have the people that some boy is feeding seen the babies behind this baby ?
those girls that some people do know have seen those horses .	have those girls that some people do know seen those horses ?
the person that has found the girls is talking .	is the person that has found the girls talking ?
those people who would pick this boy did fall .	did those people who would pick this boy fall ?
this horse who shall walk would talk .	would this horse who shall walk talk ?
those people that are watching some people have sat .	have those people that are watching some people sat ?
some person that can watch the people has slept .	has some person that can watch the people slept ?
those horses who the girl has helped have sat .	have those horses who the girl has helped sat ?
some babies who shall find some girl are drawing .	are some babies who shall find some girl drawing ?
some boys that did feed those girls were working .	were some boys that did feed those girls working ?
some babies that were working do help some girl behind some people .	do some babies that were working help some girl behind some people ?
the horses who shall reach some horse were walking .	were the horses who shall reach some horse walking ?
those girls that did reach the child do read .	do those girls that did reach the child read ?
the children that were calling this animal have slept .	have the children that were calling this animal slept ?
the people who those horses do call have picked some horse .	have the people who those horses do call picked some horse ?
the person that some people are calling would sit .	would the person that some people are calling sit ?
the person who did watch some babies is calling some girl .	is the person who did watch some babies calling some girl ?
those babies that were seeing this child are watching the babies .	are those babies that were seeing this child watching the babies ?
some person that shall pick the animals would pick some animal that some babies were watching .	would some person that shall pick the animals pick some animal that some babies were watching ?
those horses who the girl is calling have tried .	have those horses who the girl is calling tried ?
this child who the animals have helped is walking .	is this child who the animals have helped walking ?
those people who the animal can visit did fall .	did those people who the animal can visit fall ?
the babies that shall draw can pick some babies .	can the babies that shall draw pick some babies ?
the child that this child does find was drawing .	was the child that this child does find drawing ?
this boy that was sleeping shall help this girl that the horses were feeding .	shall this boy that was sleeping help this girl that the horses were feeding ?
this person that shall pick the children is seeing the people .	is this person that shall pick the children seeing the people ?
some girls that some boy was visiting do feed the babies .	do some girls that some boy was visiting feed the babies ?
some animal who was picking some horse can pick the animal that some child is calling .	can some animal who was picking some horse pick the animal that some child is calling ?
some child who those girls have visited would feed the horses by this horse .	would some child who those girls have visited feed the horses by this horse ?
some horse that was siting is falling .	is some horse that was siting falling ?
some children who do watch those children shall read .	shall some children who do watch those children read ?
this person who is sleeping has picked this baby who the person is knowing .	has this person who is sleeping picked this baby who the person is knowing ?
some boys who the child is helping were picking this girl .	were some boys who the child is helping picking this girl ?
this animal who the babies were visiting is knowing the animal by the girls .	is this animal who the babies were visiting knowing the animal by the girls ?
some babies who the baby would pick have helped those people behind the babies .	have some babies who the baby would pick helped those people behind the babies ?
some baby who the baby is knowing has sat .	has some baby who the baby is knowing sat ?
those children that the person can know have played .	have those children that the person can know played ?
those horses that can reach those girls have seen those boys who this person did see .	have those horses that can reach those girls seen those boys who this person did see ?
the baby that would fall does try .	does the baby that would fall try ?
some people that would reach this baby have slept .	have some people that would reach this baby slept ?
the people that have picked some horses were calling the boys behind some babies .	were the people that have picked some horses calling the boys behind some babies ?
some animals who have tried were drawing .	were some animals who have tried drawing ?
this horse who has reached the babies is calling some people by this baby .	is this horse who has reached the babies calling some people by this baby ?
the girls that were siting shall walk .	shall the girls that were siting walk ?
this horse who did reach the girls has drawn .	has this horse who did reach the girls drawn ?
the children who have fallen are seeing this boy .	are the children who have fallen seeing this boy ?
the horse that those horses have visited has read .	has the horse that those horses have visited read ?
the girl that some horse did visit was talking .	was the girl that some horse did visit talking ?
the animals who some babies are helping did read .	did the animals who some babies are helping read ?
the child who did see the animal shall know some animals .	shall the child who did see the animal know some animals ?
some person who has visited this girl is seeing the boys behind those babies .	is some person who has visited this girl seeing the boys behind those babies ?
those horses who have played are visiting the boys .	are those horses who have played visiting the boys ?
some animal that this baby would help has reached those babies that this child has fed .	has some animal that this baby would help reached those babies that this child has fed ?
this child that some boys did feed is trying .	is this child that some boys did feed trying ?
the horses that this girl can know were watching the baby by the animal .	were the horses that this girl can know watching the baby by the animal ?
some horse that those people are helping was reading .	was some horse that those people are helping reading ?
some boy who does pick the children is trying .	is some boy who does pick the children trying ?
this person who did see the girls is knowing the people .	is this person who did see the girls knowing the people ?
this person who was working is playing .	is this person who was working playing ?
this girl that some girls were reaching does walk .	does this girl that some girls were reaching walk ?
some horse that has slept was drawing .	was some horse that has slept drawing ?
the child that some animals have found is trying .	is the child that some animals have found trying ?
the horse that would see those babies has read .	has the horse that would see those babies read ?
some children who the people shall visit did sit .	did some children who the people shall visit sit ?
the person that does fall is reading .	is the person that does fall reading ?
the children that the horse has fed have drawn .	have the children that the horse has fed drawn ?
some person that the babies are visiting would play .	would some person that the babies are visiting play ?
those people that the animals can find are talking .	are those people that the animals can find talking ?
the horses who were talking would call those boys behind the girl .	would the horses who were talking call those boys behind the girl ?
some boy that has picked those people would know those children who the boys were reaching .	would some boy that has picked those people know those children who the boys were reaching ?
some children who this boy has called did help those animals who would see those boys .	did some children who this boy has called help those animals who would see those boys ?
this child who the person has picked was knowing this horse who those people have picked .	was this child who the person has picked knowing this horse who those people have picked ?
some horses that have fed this animal are talking .	are some horses that have fed this animal talking ?
some boy who has fed some children did see those children that the child is reaching .	did some boy who has fed some children see those children that the child is reaching ?
some baby that this animal was helping has visited some horse .	has some baby that this animal was helping visited some horse ?
the horses that have drawn can play .	can the horses that have drawn play ?
those children who did see some girls can work .	can those children who did see some girls work ?
some animals that are picking the babies do feed this girl who some children have found .	do some animals that are picking the babies feed this girl who some children have found ?
the child that can reach the person was watching those children .	was the child that can reach the person watching those children ?
some animal who did visit the people is walking .	is some animal who did visit the people walking ?
the baby that is watching the people has drawn .	has the baby that is watching the people drawn ?
some person that this boy was finding shall try .	shall some person that this boy was finding try ?
some boy who some people have visited has read .	has some boy who some people have visited read ?
some horse who is falling has sat .	has some horse who is falling sat ?
this horse that some animal shall find would draw .	would this horse that some animal shall find draw ?
some horse that has fed some boy is drawing .	is some horse that has fed some boy drawing ?
those horses who the girl would find have watched the baby by some boys .	have those horses who the girl would find watched the baby by some boys ?
the animals who do fall are reading .	are the animals who do fall reading ?
this baby that some baby can help is helping those horses by some child .	is this baby that some baby can help helping those horses by some child ?
some horses that were visiting some boy do pick this child .	do some horses that were visiting some boy pick this child ?
this child that has slept did visit some babies by those babies .	did this child that has slept visit some babies by those babies ?
this animal who this child was feeding does feed this animal who has known some animals .	does this animal who this child was feeding feed this animal who has known some animals ?
the boys that do visit those animals did help some people by some babies .	did the boys that do visit those animals help some people by some babies ?
those girls who can sit did draw .	did those girls who can sit draw ?
some animals who the animal would reach were sleeping .	were some animals who the animal would reach sleeping ?
some baby that those horses do pick has reached this person who has known some people .	has some baby that those horses do pick reached this person who has known some people ?
the boy that shall feed those horses has helped the child that those children have fed .	has the boy that shall feed those horses helped the child that those children have fed ?
the girls that did call some people have called this girl by the boys .	have the girls that did call some people called this girl by the boys ?
this person that some animal has picked was helping those babies that the girls shall call .	was this person that some animal has picked helping those babies that the girls shall call ?
the girls who are talking did pick the animal .	did the girls who are talking pick the animal ?
the children who some boys are seeing were drawing .	were the children who some boys are seeing drawing ?
the girl that the horse shall find has read .	has the girl that the horse shall find read ?
some people who were drawing have helped the babies by those boys .	have some people who were drawing helped the babies by those boys ?
some girls that this baby was reaching have sat .	have some girls that this baby was reaching sat ?
the horses who the animal did watch do draw .	do the horses who the animal did watch draw ?
the horse that did watch some baby does play .	does the horse that did watch some baby play ?
some children that this boy has known were visiting those children behind the people .	were some children that this boy has known visiting those children behind the people ?
some animal who shall help the babies has helped those babies .	has some animal who shall help the babies helped those babies ?
some girl that is knowing the horses has watched the people by the boys .	has some girl that is knowing the horses watched the people by the boys ?
some girl who is finding those babies has seen those people behind the child .	has some girl who is finding those babies seen those people behind the child ?
the boy who has reached the horses can work .	can the boy who has reached the horses work ?
the people who did read shall draw .	shall the people who did read draw ?
some horse that was siting can watch the babies that those animals were finding .	can some horse that was siting watch the babies that those animals were finding ?
the horses who were calling those babies have fallen .	have the horses who were calling those babies fallen ?
those boys that have drawn shall read .	shall those boys that have drawn read ?
the horses who have helped some animals would help this boy who the child shall reach .	would the horses who have helped some animals help this boy who the child shall reach ?
the horses who have fed some boy were reading .	were the horses who have fed some boy reading ?
this boy that does see this animal is siting .	is this boy that does see this animal siting ?
those animals who some horse does know are talking .	are those animals who some horse does know talking ?
this baby that some boy was watching shall fall .	shall this baby that some boy was watching fall ?
some girl that is seeing some horses has read .	has some girl that is seeing some horses read ?
this baby that has picked the babies did walk .	did this baby that has picked the babies walk ?
the girl who is knowing the animals has sat .	has the girl who is knowing the animals sat ?
some horse who can call some animals does help the children behind some horses .	does some horse who can call some animals help the children behind some horses ?
some child who shall visit those girls has drawn .	has some child who shall visit those girls drawn ?
the horse that is trying does sit .	does the horse that is trying sit ?
some horse who is watching this person did find some babies behind those horses .	did some horse who is watching this person find some babies behind those horses ?
the children that those children are reaching can visit the people .	can the children that those children are reaching visit the people ?
the person that some horses are watching was playing .	was the person that some horses are watching playing ?
some horses that were sleeping have helped this child behind the horses .	have some horses that were sleeping helped this child behind the horses ?
those children that the horses did help are picking the animal behind some girls .	are those children that the horses did help picking the animal behind some girls ?
the person who would feed some child is calling the animal behind those children .	is the person who would feed some child calling the animal behind those children ?
this person that has walked did pick some horses who some babies do pick .	did this person that has walked pick some horses who some babies do pick ?
those animals who were feeding some children did know some people by those girls .	did those animals who were feeding some children know some people by those girls ?
the person that has fed this animal was sleeping .	was the person that has fed this animal sleeping ?
those children who have found some babies do sit .	do those children who have found some babies sit ?
some child who is reaching those horses has sat .	has some child who is reaching those horses sat ?
the horse that can walk is trying .	is the horse that can walk trying ?
some girls that were siting have helped some babies that have called some child .	have some girls that were siting helped some babies that have called some child ?
those animals who have played shall visit some children that those girls have picked .	shall those animals who have played visit some children that those girls have picked ?
those babies that some baby has known would talk .	would those babies that some baby has known talk ?
the babies who are calling the girls have known the person by this baby .	have the babies who are calling the girls known the person by this baby ?
some baby that the boys are watching did call some children .	did some baby that the boys are watching call some children ?
some babies who the boy has seen have sat .	have some babies who the boy has seen sat ?
the animal who those girls did see was reading .	was the animal who those girls did see reading ?
the girl that does see this horse has drawn .	has the girl that does see this horse drawn ?
some baby that those animals did call can know this child by the animals .	can some baby that those animals did call know this child by the animals ?
some animals that can fall have reached the animal behind those people .	have some animals that can fall reached the animal behind those people ?
some horses that do find the horses have played .	have some horses that do find the horses played ?
the boy that has found some babies was picking those animals by some horses .	was the boy that has found some babies picking those animals by some horses ?
some children who would reach the baby are trying .	are some children who would reach the baby trying ?
those people that would watch some child have played .	have those people that would watch some child played ?
some animal who the baby would find does read .	does some animal who the baby would find read ?
the children who those children are reaching were visiting the person that this girl is finding .	were the children who those children are reaching visiting the person that this girl is finding ?
this horse that some horse shall watch was knowing some person who the animal is picking .	was this horse that some horse shall watch knowing some person who the animal is picking ?
those babies who the horse was knowing were feeding this child who was feeding the babies .	were those babies who the horse was knowing feeding this child who was feeding the babies ?
this girl that was watching the horse is siting .	is this girl that was watching the horse siting ?
some baby that this person is seeing does visit some baby behind some person .	does some baby that this person is seeing visit some baby behind some person ?
this animal who would visit the baby has picked those horses .	has this animal who would visit the baby picked those horses ?
the person that would fall is reaching some child behind those children .	is the person that would fall reaching some child behind those children ?
some horse who some horses have helped has visited those girls .	has some horse who some horses have helped visited those girls ?
some child who some animal is seeing has fallen .	has some child who some animal is seeing fallen ?
those animals who are watching some animal were siting .	were those animals who are watching some animal siting ?
this horse who did read is feeding the girl that has picked some baby .	is this horse who did read feeding the girl that has picked some baby ?
those children who the child shall call did draw .	did those children who the child shall call draw ?
those babies that some horse has watched were siting .	were those babies that some horse has watched siting ?
some babies who some person is finding have worked .	have some babies who some person is finding worked ?
the girls that those people shall call have picked the person behind some horse .	have the girls that those people shall call picked the person behind some horse ?
some girl that the people are reaching is watching some children behind some girl .	is some girl that the people are reaching watching some children behind some girl ?
some animal that has watched this person does feed the babies by the people .	does some animal that has watched this person feed the babies by the people ?
this child who has picked some children is working .	is this child who has picked some children working ?
some people that do know some baby have reached some boys who this child has found .	have some people that do know some baby reached some boys who this child has found ?
some boys who were helping the animals shall sit .	shall some boys who were helping the animals sit ?
some girls that have visited this child were working .	were some girls that have visited this child working ?
those babies who this person would feed were reading .	were those babies who this person would feed reading ?
some babies who are falling have tried .	have some babies who are falling tried ?
the animal that those girls were watching was finding the child behind this girl .	was the animal that those girls were watching finding the child behind this girl ?
some horse who was knowing this person does work .	does some horse who was knowing this person work ?
the people that some boy would visit can call the child by this girl .	can the people that some boy would visit call the child by this girl ?
the children who the child has seen are calling the person that those girls shall help .	are the children who the child has seen calling the person that those girls shall help ?
those people who would reach those people are sleeping .	are those people who would reach those people sleeping ?
those girls that have known those animals were seeing some baby that was helping the girl .	were those girls that have known those animals seeing some baby that was helping the girl ?
those boys who some girl is visiting are seeing those animals .	are those boys who some girl is visiting seeing those animals ?
some boy that those babies were feeding was falling .	was some boy that those babies were feeding falling ?
the people that were picking this horse are helping this boy behind the baby .	are the people that were picking this horse helping this boy behind the baby ?
those animals who the people shall reach have fallen .	have those animals who the people shall reach fallen ?
some horse that was feeding some girl is seeing some people by the person .	is some horse that was feeding some girl seeing some people by the person ?
those boys that were watching the animal would watch the animals who are picking some animal .	would those boys that were watching the animal watch the animals who are picking some animal ?
this child who is reaching some children shall reach the people by this horse .	shall this child who is reaching some children reach the people by this horse ?
the people who have seen some girls do draw .	do the people who have seen some girls draw ?
this child that does fall was finding this child who is finding some girls .	was this child that does fall finding this child who is finding some girls ?
some animals that those girls do pick were visiting some person by some horse .	were some animals that those girls do pick visiting some person by some horse ?
this boy who can fall shall help the boy by the horse .	shall this boy who can fall help the boy by the horse ?
those children that do fall have sat .	have those children that do fall sat ?
this baby that would talk has watched some person behind this child .	has this baby that would talk watched some person behind this child ?
the animals that this boy has called would know this baby .	would the animals that this boy has called know this baby ?
the baby who is walking has talked .	has the baby who is walking talked ?
those people who have fed the animals were finding the horses that were trying .	were those people who have fed the animals finding the horses that were trying ?
the animals that some person has called have visited this boy .	have the animals that some person has called visited this boy ?
those girls that the animals did feed were seeing the boys by those children .	were those girls that the animals did feed seeing the boys by those children ?
some person that does work did reach the children .	did some person that does work reach the children ?
the horses who were picking the horse have read .	have the horses who were picking the horse read ?
some horse who shall reach those people has picked some horses that have known the person .	has some horse who shall reach those people picked some horses that have known the person ?
this person who does see some horses is trying .	is this person who does see some horses trying ?
the girls that can help the girl have worked .	have the girls that can help the girl worked ?
some child that would call those girls has tried .	has some child that would call those girls tried ?
this horse that those horses would pick can visit the horses that some animals have known .	can this horse that those horses would pick visit the horses that some animals have known ?
some babies that have walked are siting .	are some babies that have walked siting ?
some child that the people were calling has sat .	has some child that the people were calling sat ?
the boy who the horses have fed has walked .	has the boy who the horses have fed walked ?
this person who has helped the animals was calling some animals by the boy .	was this person who has helped the animals calling some animals by the boy ?
the baby that the babies have seen is calling this child behind the animals .	is the baby that the babies have seen calling this child behind the animals ?
the girl that shall sleep would reach some horse by the girl .	would the girl that shall sleep reach some horse by the girl ?
some horse that the girl is seeing was drawing .	was some horse that the girl is seeing drawing ?
some person that the horse was picking has known some people that are helping the person .	has some person that the horse was picking known some people that are helping the person ?
some horses who the baby has called shall help those babies behind the animal .	shall some horses who the baby has called help those babies behind the animal ?
this person who did watch some children has fed some person behind the girl .	has this person who did watch some children fed some person behind the girl ?
this boy who has reached the girls shall draw .	shall this boy who has reached the girls draw ?
the children that did read were watching the child who did find those horses .	were the children that did read watching the child who did find those horses ?
those horses that were reaching the girls have talked .	have those horses that were reaching the girls talked ?
the animals that were reading have read .	have the animals that were reading read ?
the girls that those horses have seen are falling .	are the girls that those horses have seen falling ?
some girls who have found the baby do see those babies behind those babies .	do some girls who have found the baby see those babies behind those babies ?
those girls who are reaching the girls have sat .	have those girls who are reaching the girls sat ?
some girls that some girl did know have helped the children behind some boys .	have some girls that some girl did know helped the children behind some boys ?
those children who some person did help were reading .	were those children who some person did help reading ?
the animal that has drawn was siting .	was the animal that has drawn siting ?
the person that shall try has picked the babies who those people did visit .	has the person that shall try picked the babies who those people did visit ?
some boy who some child did pick would try .	would some boy who some child did pick try ?
some person who the animal does visit is siting .	is some person who the animal does visit siting ?
the baby who has called the boys would feed this animal by the animals .	would the baby who has called the boys feed this animal by the animals ?
those children that some baby did watch shall feed some boy by the child .	shall those children that some baby did watch feed some boy by the child ?
those animals who the child has watched can read .	can those animals who the child has watched read ?
some baby that was reading has known those horses by some babies .	has some baby that was reading known those horses by some babies ?
this child that was siting has visited some people .	has this child that was siting visited some people ?
some people who the child has helped did feed the children that are calling those boys .	did some people who the child has helped feed the children that are calling those boys ?
some horse that is visiting this person was walking .	was some horse that is visiting this person walking ?
the child that this girl does find has reached some girls who are calling the girls .	has the child that this girl does find reached some girls who are calling the girls ?
those horses that have drawn are reading .	are those horses that have drawn reading ?
some girl who would watch those babies shall sleep .	shall some girl who would watch those babies sleep ?
some person who some babies would see does find those girls .	does some person who some babies would see find those girls ?
the boy who the babies can help is playing .	is the boy who the babies can help playing ?
those horses who are knowing some children have tried .	have those horses who are knowing some children tried ?
this girl who did sleep is playing .	is this girl who did sleep playing ?
the people who were calling some child have worked .	have the people who were calling some child worked ?
this girl that this animal has picked is reading .	is this girl that this animal has picked reading ?
this girl that would walk is feeding this person .	is this girl that would walk feeding this person ?
some horse that those babies do see can fall .	can some horse that those babies do see fall ?
some person that did watch the people has known the children .	has some person that did watch the people known the children ?
those animals that this person is watching have visited the babies that are seeing some person .	have those animals that this person is watching visited the babies that are seeing some person ?
some babies who were picking the babies have known some horse who was picking the animals .	have some babies who were picking the babies known some horse who was picking the animals ?
the horses that would sit do find those girls .	do the horses that would sit find those girls ?
some horses who this person has watched would play .	would some horses who this person has watched play ?
the horse that was knowing this person has fallen .	has the horse that was knowing this person fallen ?
this animal who is visiting the horse has watched the horse by those horses .	has this animal who is visiting the horse watched the horse by those horses ?
some horses that are watching the children have helped those people by the child .	have some horses that are watching the children helped those people by the child ?
some baby who has picked this animal was knowing those children .	was some baby who has picked this animal knowing those children ?
those people that were seeing the girl have played .	have those people that were seeing the girl played ?
the people that were visiting some people shall fall .	shall the people that were visiting some people fall ?
the horse that some animals have picked was sleeping .	was the horse that some animals have picked sleeping ?
some babies that some animal shall watch have drawn .	have some babies that some animal shall watch drawn ?
the people who would see some boy shall visit those people .	shall the people who would see some boy visit those people ?
some boy who those children are feeding does sleep .	does some boy who those children are feeding sleep ?
the child who has known some baby would visit some girls .	would the child who has known some baby visit some girls ?
the babies who this child was visiting have found the baby .	have the babies who this child was visiting found the baby ?
the children who are helping this baby do help some people behind some girl .	do the children who are helping this baby help some people behind some girl ?
the children that this animal did visit have walked .	have the children that this animal did visit walked ?
the boy who the babies are seeing shall walk .	shall the boy who the babies are seeing walk ?
some children who have called some babies were working .	were some children who have called some babies working ?
the girl that the person would help is finding this girl behind some horses .	is the girl that the person would help finding this girl behind some horses ?
the child who this horse has known was reaching some person .	was the child who this horse has known reaching some person ?
some girls that have fed some animal shall draw .	shall some girls that have fed some animal draw ?
those children who shall know this baby did feed the horses behind some child .	did those children who shall know this baby feed the horses behind some child ?
some person that was playing has fed this animal who some animal has watched .	has some person that was playing fed this animal who some animal has watched ?
those people that are visiting the animal have tried .	have those people that are visiting the animal tried ?
the babies who some child has visited shall see some animals .	shall the babies who some child has visited see some animals ?
some babies that did call the boys have seen the girls by the girls .	have some babies that did call the boys seen the girls by the girls ?
the people that have fed the animal do visit the baby behind some children .	do the people that have fed the animal visit the baby behind some children ?
the horses that can watch this horse were sleeping .	were the horses that can watch this horse sleeping ?
those babies that have fed some boys are visiting this girl behind some horses .	are those babies that have fed some boys visiting this girl behind some horses ?
the horse that is picking the girl has watched those horses who do know some animals .	has the horse that is picking the girl watched those horses who do know some animals ?
this girl who was reaching those babies does help some boys by the boys .	does this girl who was reaching those babies help some boys by the boys ?
those children that this animal does visit have played .	have those children that this animal does visit played ?
some horses who have reached some girl would draw .	would some horses who have reached some girl draw ?
some horse that is helping some person shall reach this girl behind some babies .	shall some horse that is helping some person reach this girl behind some babies ?
some babies that are walking were reaching the animals .	were some babies that are walking reaching the animals ?
the animal who the people were feeding has reached the horse by those children .	has the animal who the people were feeding reached the horse by those children ?
the animal that has sat is talking .	is the animal that has sat talking ?
the baby who would reach some baby did walk .	did the baby who would reach some baby walk ?
the animal that does play was drawing .	was the animal that does play drawing ?
the horse who has visited the people was helping those children who shall help some animal .	was the horse who has visited the people helping those children who shall help some animal ?
those children that do help some horse are working .	are those children that do help some horse working ?
this child that has visited this boy would draw .	would this child that has visited this boy draw ?
some boy that does try has found some child by the animal .	has some boy that does try found some child by the animal ?
this girl that this child would find was sleeping .	was this girl that this child would find sleeping ?
those boys that the person was visiting were drawing .	were those boys that the person was visiting drawing ?
those children who did visit those girls can sleep .	can those children who did visit those girls sleep ?
this person that those children shall know has fallen .	has this person that those children shall know fallen ?
some boy who this horse was reaching is walking .	is some boy who this horse was reaching walking ?
some boy that some babies are picking is feeding some girls by the animal .	is some boy that some babies are picking feeding some girls by the animal ?
the people that have talked are working .	are the people that have talked working ?
some boy who does try has walked .	has some boy who does try walked ?
this baby who this girl would watch has helped some girls by those horses .	has this baby who this girl would watch helped some girls by those horses ?
this baby who did sit would sit .	would this baby who did sit sit ?
some horses that the child was visiting were seeing the girl .	were some horses that the child was visiting seeing the girl ?
some people who were feeding those people have watched some animal behind the boy .	have some people who were feeding those people watched some animal behind the boy ?
this boy who some child is visiting has slept .	has this boy who some child is visiting slept ?
some baby that is playing shall fall .	shall some baby that is playing fall ?
some girl that this boy would call is siting .	is some girl that this boy would call siting ?
some boys who some boys were reaching did read .	did some boys who some boys were reaching read ?
those people that some children do help did sit .	did those people that some children do help sit ?
the children that some boys were finding have called those babies .	have the children that some boys were finding called those babies ?
those girls that have fed those horses can help some boy .	can those girls that have fed those horses help some boy ?
some boy that would find some animals can play .	can some boy that would find some animals play ?
those babies that were picking this child would talk .	would those babies that were picking this child talk ?
some people that the person has visited have known this boy .	have some people that the person has visited known this boy ?
the boys that this animal has reached were seeing this baby .	were the boys that this animal has reached seeing this baby ?
this girl who the child does watch has fallen .	has this girl who the child does watch fallen ?
the babies who those babies shall see were visiting the people by this baby .	were the babies who those babies shall see visiting the people by this baby ?
those horses who have seen the person can help some babies that shall call those horses .	can those horses who have seen the person help some babies that shall call those horses ?
those babies who the animals shall reach are knowing those babies by some girl .	are those babies who the animals shall reach knowing those babies by some girl ?
the girl that is visiting the boy can read .	can the girl that is visiting the boy read ?
some girls that some people were seeing can play .	can some girls that some people were seeing play ?
some animals who the people have fed can walk .	can some animals who the people have fed walk ?
the horses who some people do watch are playing .	are the horses who some people do watch playing ?
some animals that did reach this boy shall talk .	shall some animals that did reach this boy talk ?
the boys that those babies were visiting did find those girls who this girl is knowing .	did the boys that those babies were visiting find those girls who this girl is knowing ?
this girl that some baby has reached is feeding some child .	is this girl that some baby has reached feeding some child ?
the animal that the children were watching can play .	can the animal that the children were watching play ?
some animals that were helping the animal did pick the animal by some horses .	did some animals that were helping the animal pick the animal by some horses ?
this horse that the person was knowing has reached the person by some animals .	has this horse that the person was knowing reached the person by some animals ?
some boys who shall reach some boy would talk .	would some boys who shall reach some boy talk ?
this boy that the girls have reached has fed the girls that have slept .	has this boy that the girls have reached fed the girls that have slept ?
those boys who were trying did draw .	did those boys who were trying draw ?
the babies who shall visit those people are watching some girls .	are the babies who shall visit those people watching some girls ?
those animals who the horse has visited have played .	have those animals who the horse has visited played ?
some boy that does know some boy has known the children by the person .	has some boy that does know some boy known the children by the person ?
some girls that can help some animal were visiting some animals .	were some girls that can help some animal visiting some animals ?
some child who has called the child shall visit this horse by the child .	shall some child who has called the child visit this horse by the child ?
the animals who some baby has found have helped the animals who the person can reach .	have the animals who some baby has found helped the animals who the person can reach ?
those children that some child can feed have slept .	have those children that some child can feed slept ?
some baby who does sit can try .	can some baby who does sit try ?
the girls who would see this animal are calling the person behind the animals .	are the girls who would see this animal calling the person behind the animals ?
the baby who the children are seeing was siting .	was the baby who the children are seeing siting ?
some girl who the boy can feed has fallen .	has some girl who the boy can feed fallen ?
this animal that does help some people is visiting some boy by the child .	is this animal that does help some people visiting some boy by the child ?
those children who can find some animal have fed the children by some horse .	have those children who can find some animal fed the children by some horse ?
the horse who has watched some girls is playing .	is the horse who has watched some girls playing ?
this girl who did help some boys can pick this horse that would find those girls .	can this girl who did help some boys pick this horse that would find those girls ?
those girls who the child did find are working .	are those girls who the child did find working ?
the boy that was feeding some babies has reached the girl by those people .	has the boy that was feeding some babies reached the girl by those people ?
some people who were knowing some animals do feed some horse .	do some people who were knowing some animals feed some horse ?
some boy who those horses are watching was working .	was some boy who those horses are watching working ?
the animal that is watching the horses has known some person behind some baby .	has the animal that is watching the horses known some person behind some baby ?
those girls that have fed the baby were calling some animals behind some baby .	were those girls that have fed the baby calling some animals behind some baby ?
some child who some person does call was siting .	was some child who some person does call siting ?
this girl who has worked is picking some babies who some animal was feeding .	is this girl who has worked picking some babies who some animal was feeding ?
those boys that the girls did call have worked .	have those boys that the girls did call worked ?
some babies who those girls have found did pick this animal behind the babies .	did some babies who those girls have found pick this animal behind the babies ?
some animal who was knowing those babies is feeding some boy by the girl .	is some animal who was knowing those babies feeding some boy by the girl ?
some babies that those boys have called were calling some person behind the baby .	were some babies that those boys have called calling some person behind the baby ?
this child who the animal is finding was seeing the animals that were seeing the animals .	was this child who the animal is finding seeing the animals that were seeing the animals ?
this girl that the horse was reaching has seen some child behind some girls .	has this girl that the horse was reaching seen some child behind some girls ?
this child that would know some person has played .	has this child that would know some person played ?
some horse that does call this girl has called the person behind the children .	has some horse that does call this girl called the person behind the children ?
some girls that are finding the animal shall find the children .	shall some girls that are finding the animal find the children ?
some boy that has read was finding some horses .	was some boy that has read finding some horses ?
some child that was siting did see the person .	did some child that was siting see the person ?
some people that are reading can call some boys by this baby .	can some people that are reading call some boys by this baby ?
the animal that has seen the animal did talk .	did the animal that has seen the animal talk ?
some animals who those people would feed shall sleep .	shall some animals who those people would feed sleep ?
this child that can know the animals has picked some horses behind the horse .	has this child that can know the animals picked some horses behind the horse ?
some babies that some baby did visit do play .	do some babies that some baby did visit play ?
the child who some animal was calling would visit the horse by the girls .	would the child who some animal was calling visit the horse by the girls ?
some boy that did see this person was feeding some animals .	was some boy that did see this person feeding some animals ?
this horse that would sleep has called those animals by this baby .	has this horse that would sleep called those animals by this baby ?
those girls that are helping those horses can talk .	can those girls that are helping those horses talk ?
some girl who some people are helping has helped the girl .	has some girl who some people are helping helped the girl ?
those children that some child did watch shall work .	shall those children that some child did watch work ?
the boy who the horses have reached is seeing this boy behind some boy .	is the boy who the horses have reached seeing this boy behind some boy ?
this boy who is talking has fed some baby .	has this boy who is talking fed some baby ?
the person who has visited some animals did walk .	did the person who has visited some animals walk ?
some girl that is knowing some people has played .	has some girl that is knowing some people played ?
some child that has slept does play .	does some child that has slept play ?
those girls who do reach some animals have fed the baby who some girls are calling .	have those girls who do reach some animals fed the baby who some girls are calling ?
some girl who shall reach some boys is feeding the babies behind the horse .	is some girl who shall reach some boys feeding the babies behind the horse ?
the girls who have slept shall pick some horses .	shall the girls who have slept pick some horses ?
those boys who can visit some person were walking .	were those boys who can visit some person walking ?
some animals who did visit the horse have known those boys that were knowing some child .	have some animals who did visit the horse known those boys that were knowing some child ?
those horses that those girls did call are calling the babies by the horse .	are those horses that those girls did call calling the babies by the horse ?
this animal who this horse is knowing did see the girls .	did this animal who this horse is knowing see the girls ?
the girl that was calling those children did reach some girls behind the horse .	did the girl that was calling those children reach some girls behind the horse ?
this baby that was trying did call the person behind some girls .	did this baby that was trying call the person behind some girls ?
this child that is working did sit .	did this child that is working sit ?
some people that are feeding those animals can sleep .	can some people that are feeding those animals sleep ?
this boy that some boys can feed has played .	has this boy that some boys can feed played ?
some baby that is helping some animal was finding some animal .	was some baby that is helping some animal finding some animal ?
those children that shall sit have drawn .	have those children that shall sit drawn ?
those girls who some child has fed were feeding this boy .	were those girls who some child has fed feeding this boy ?
the child that some horses shall watch does play .	does the child that some horses shall watch play ?
those animals who would feed the baby were sleeping .	were those animals who would feed the baby sleeping ?
the person who the horses did feed was visiting this horse that would watch some baby .	was the person who the horses did feed visiting this horse that would watch some baby ?
those animals that the people were helping are finding some person behind this boy .	are those animals that the people were helping finding some person behind this boy ?
some people that the girl is finding shall feed this baby who some animal was finding .	shall some people that the girl is finding feed this baby who some animal was finding ?
some girls that have known the child did draw .	did some girls that have known the child draw ?
some people that would know some girl do try .	do some people that would know some girl try ?
the person that the animals are feeding is sleeping .	is the person that the animals are feeding sleeping ?
those babies who have worked are reading .	are those babies who have worked reading ?
some animal who did fall has reached the girls by some baby .	has some animal who did fall reached the girls by some baby ?
some girl that those people were finding is finding those girls who some person is seeing .	is some girl that those people were finding finding those girls who some person is seeing ?
those children that were finding the boys are talking .	are those children that were finding the boys talking ?
those girls who are finding the animals have worked .	have those girls who are finding the animals worked ?
some horse that the babies can feed does watch the horse who does see the girl .	does some horse that the babies can feed watch the horse who does see the girl ?
this boy who is helping those animals has fallen .	has this boy who is helping those animals fallen ?
those girls who have seen some horse were working .	were those girls who have seen some horse working ?
some boy that some babies were finding would see this animal behind the children .	would some boy that some babies were finding see this animal behind the children ?
the horse that was calling some horse has fed this baby by the babies .	has the horse that was calling some horse fed this baby by the babies ?
some animals that have talked would visit the girl .	would some animals that have talked visit the girl ?
the children that this girl can know are feeding those children behind this person .	are the children that this girl can know feeding those children behind this person ?
the horse that those girls are seeing does watch the girls that did call some child .	does the horse that those girls are seeing watch the girls that did call some child ?
those babies that have picked this person were playing .	were those babies that have picked this person playing ?
the child that the animal is helping has walked .	has the child that the animal is helping walked ?
the girl that this animal was watching would pick some babies .	would the girl that this animal was watching pick some babies ?
some baby who some girl is finding does fall .	does some baby who some girl is finding fall ?
the girl who would call this girl has known some horse .	has the girl who would call this girl known some horse ?
those girls that the child does watch do see those babies .	do those girls that the child does watch see those babies ?
those girls that did see the girls would sit .	would those girls that did see the girls sit ?
this child who has seen the children was feeding those children behind some people .	was this child who has seen the children feeding those children behind some people ?
some baby that has helped some animals is seeing the child .	is some baby that has helped some animals seeing the child ?
the horse who is finding the boy was reading .	was the horse who is finding the boy reading ?
some boys who have found the child would call the person behind those people .	would some boys who have found the child call the person behind those people ?
some boy who the animal can reach did sit .	did some boy who the animal can reach sit ?
this animal who those girls are helping did play .	did this animal who those girls are helping play ?
the animals that those animals shall visit have known some babies .	have the animals that those animals shall visit known some babies ?
the babies that the horse has reached were talking .	were the babies that the horse has reached talking ?
those horses that did visit the boy are working .	are those horses that did visit the boy working ?
the person that is feeding some children was finding this animal who shall visit some animals .	was the person that is feeding some children finding this animal who shall visit some animals ?
the babies that the people are helping did sleep .	did the babies that the people are helping sleep ?
the children that those children have seen were visiting some girl .	were the children that those children have seen visiting some girl ?
those animals who are walking would visit the horse behind this horse .	would those animals who are walking visit the horse behind this horse ?
some girl who the baby does find did sleep .	did some girl who the baby does find sleep ?
those animals that some children are feeding have worked .	have those animals that some children are feeding worked ?
this person who the person did reach can find the animals behind the boy .	can this person who the person did reach find the animals behind the boy ?
the children who have found some person were falling .	were the children who have found some person falling ?
the babies who some girl is helping did talk .	did the babies who some girl is helping talk ?
some children that the horse shall find have reached this child who this animal is helping .	have some children that the horse shall find reached this child who this animal is helping ?
the girl who did work was feeding the person behind some children .	was the girl who did work feeding the person behind some children ?
this baby who shall draw does pick some animals by some animals .	does this baby who shall draw pick some animals by some animals ?
some babies that have seen some children can help those horses .	can some babies that have seen some children help those horses ?
some horses that some girl has called were trying .	were some horses that some girl has called trying ?
some girls that some babies can find did see some animals .	did some girls that some babies can find see some animals ?
the people who have helped this boy are falling .	are the people who have helped this boy falling ?
those boys who have fallen were reaching the baby behind some children .	were those boys who have fallen reaching the baby behind some children ?
the girl that is feeding the animals has reached those people by some boy .	has the girl that is feeding the animals reached those people by some boy ?
the animals who were helping some child did help the babies .	did the animals who were helping some child help the babies ?
some child who has seen some baby shall sit .	shall some child who has seen some baby sit ?
some girls who the baby shall see are feeding those people behind the babies .	are some girls who the baby shall see feeding those people behind the babies ?
this child that has visited the animal would draw .	would this child that has visited the animal draw ?
some child that this boy shall call does help some animal behind this animal .	does some child that this boy shall call help some animal behind this animal ?
those children that some children are picking have known some boys behind this person .	have those children that some children are picking known some boys behind this person ?
those girls who this girl was helping do know the horse by this horse .	do those girls who this girl was helping know the horse by this horse ?
those boys that are watching the boys shall walk .	shall those boys that are watching the boys walk ?
some children who can fall have tried .	have some children who can fall tried ?
some horses who were knowing some girls are working .	are some horses who were knowing some girls working ?
some baby that this baby has found is siting .	is some baby that this baby has found siting ?
some babies that some baby does see have found some child who the person was reaching .	have some babies that some baby does see found some child who the person was reaching ?
some baby who has found the person does work .	does some baby who has found the person work ?
the baby that the boy does reach was reading .	was the baby that the boy does reach reading ?
some animal that can reach some babies would work .	would some animal that can reach some babies work ?
the babies that some horse can call shall walk .	shall the babies that some horse can call walk ?
some people who some person is feeding have fed those people by some animal .	have some people who some person is feeding fed those people by some animal ?
the horse that has watched this horse was picking some girls who shall talk .	was the horse that has watched this horse picking some girls who shall talk ?
the boy who has helped the animals shall find some boys that were reaching the girls .	shall the boy who has helped the animals find some boys that were reaching the girls ?
the person that would try was walking .	was the person that would try walking ?
those boys that are helping those girls shall pick some people .	shall those boys that are helping those girls pick some people ?
some baby who has called this girl can feed some boys behind some girl .	can some baby who has called this girl feed some boys behind some girl ?
those people that are finding the animals would help this person who the girls have watched .	would those people that are finding the animals help this person who the girls have watched ?
the people that some children do watch have helped this baby who some babies shall see .	have the people that some children do watch helped this baby who some babies shall see ?
some children that this animal is watching do pick the animals .	do some children that this animal is watching pick the animals ?
some animals who shall see the boys were helping some animal who has visited those horses .	were some animals who shall see the boys helping some animal who has visited those horses ?
this baby that has known some baby is working .	is this baby that has known some baby working ?
the girls that this girl did visit have found the person behind those children .	have the girls that this girl did visit found the person behind those children ?
the animals that are falling can reach some babies that are falling .	can the animals that are falling reach some babies that are falling ?
the people who the babies have fed do find the horses by this baby .	do the people who the babies have fed find the horses by this baby ?
the child that shall call the animals does reach this child that this baby has found .	does the child that shall call the animals reach this child that this baby has found ?
this child that some children were calling does find the animals by this horse .	does this child that some children were calling find the animals by this horse ?
this horse that the people can reach was watching those horses that are calling this horse .	was this horse that the people can reach watching those horses that are calling this horse ?
this baby who shall find some children does call the baby behind some girls .	does this baby who shall find some children call the baby behind some girls ?
some people that are sleeping have worked .	have some people that are sleeping worked ?
this animal that is watching this horse has worked .	has this animal that is watching this horse worked ?
some children who some horse has picked are finding some girls by this animal .	are some children who some horse has picked finding some girls by this animal ?
this child that does know the boys was seeing this child behind those people .	was this child that does know the boys seeing this child behind those people ?
the animals that were finding the people have helped this horse behind this boy .	have the animals that were finding the people helped this horse behind this boy ?
those girls that some boy can pick have drawn .	have those girls that some boy can pick drawn ?
the boy who shall visit the animals is talking .	is the boy who shall visit the animals talking ?
some baby who is finding those horses has helped the animal who is seeing some child .	has some baby who is finding those horses helped the animal who is seeing some child ?
the boy that was finding some boy did feed the boys by the animals .	did the boy that was finding some boy feed the boys by the animals ?
some horses that some people are helping were knowing the people by the horses .	were some horses that some people are helping knowing the people by the horses ?
the babies who shall fall do watch the girl by some horse .	do the babies who shall fall watch the girl by some horse ?
the animals who have known some girl were reading .	were the animals who have known some girl reading ?
some babies that would help those animals have known some animals who were working .	have some babies that would help those animals known some animals who were working ?
those animals who some boy has reached have played .	have those animals who some boy has reached played ?
this boy who those animals have fed is calling those babies behind some children .	is this boy who those animals have fed calling those babies behind some children ?
the animals who this baby has found have drawn .	have the animals who this baby has found drawn ?
those babies who would call this animal can sleep .	can those babies who would call this animal sleep ?
the horse who some boys would call is walking .	is the horse who some boys would call walking ?
this person that the people are seeing shall read .	shall this person that the people are seeing read ?
some horse that has picked some person shall feed some animals behind this child .	shall some horse that has picked some person feed some animals behind this child ?
the people who have helped this girl shall reach the girls behind some horse .	shall the people who have helped this girl reach the girls behind some horse ?
some animals that have reached some child were reaching some horse behind some horse .	were some animals that have reached some child reaching some horse behind some horse ?
those horses who the horse was watching have walked .	have those horses who the horse was watching walked ?
some people that the girls would see do find the horses by those boys .	do some people that the girls would see find the horses by those boys ?
the animal that the children were calling has walked .	has the animal that the children were calling walked ?
the people that would read were falling .	were the people that would read falling ?
some girl who shall feed the animal is siting .	is some girl who shall feed the animal siting ?
those horses who did watch those girls do know the people .	do those horses who did watch those girls know the people ?
this animal that would see some child was reading .	was this animal that would see some child reading ?
those babies that some girl is reaching do reach some boys by this animal .	do those babies that some girl is reaching reach some boys by this animal ?
this horse who the girls have visited has sat .	has this horse who the girls have visited sat ?
the girl that has called those children is seeing those horses .	is the girl that has called those children seeing those horses ?
this boy who has fed the girls would walk .	would this boy who has fed the girls walk ?
the animals who the girl did reach have played .	have the animals who the girl did reach played ?
the children who were picking this boy are reaching the horses .	are the children who were picking this boy reaching the horses ?
this person that those horses can pick would fall .	would this person that those horses can pick fall ?
this child that the horse is watching has walked .	has this child that the horse is watching walked ?
some child who some babies are picking is seeing those horses behind some child .	is some child who some babies are picking seeing those horses behind some child ?
the child that the boys have watched can know the children behind some horse .	can the child that the boys have watched know the children behind some horse ?
the people that were visiting this child can sit .	can the people that were visiting this child sit ?
those boys who are finding this girl have reached some children by some babies .	have those boys who are finding this girl reached some children by some babies ?
the child that the animal does help is visiting this animal behind some animal .	is the child that the animal does help visiting this animal behind some animal ?
the baby that would call the people is siting .	is the baby that would call the people siting ?
the girl who the baby has seen can watch some animal behind this boy .	can the girl who the baby has seen watch some animal behind this boy ?
the boy that was reaching those boys has fallen .	has the boy that was reaching those boys fallen ?
some girl who was walking has picked some animals by those horses .	has some girl who was walking picked some animals by those horses ?
some boy that the girls would pick was reaching those girls behind some person .	was some boy that the girls would pick reaching those girls behind some person ?
the horse that has fed some girl did work .	did the horse that has fed some girl work ?
the child that the girl is visiting has sat .	has the child that the girl is visiting sat ?
the babies who some people have helped did read .	did the babies who some people have helped read ?
those children that did pick those children are calling the child .	are those children that did pick those children calling the child ?
this girl who this boy was knowing has found those horses that some boys are calling .	has this girl who this boy was knowing found those horses that some boys are calling ?
the boy that has walked was picking this boy who those people were visiting .	was the boy that has walked picking this boy who those people were visiting ?
the animals that have visited the animals are walking .	are the animals that have visited the animals walking ?
some girls who do play have fallen .	have some girls who do play fallen ?
those people that have talked were visiting those babies behind those girls .	were those people that have talked visiting those babies behind those girls ?
this girl that the boys were watching can sit .	can this girl that the boys were watching sit ?
the boy that shall see some boy has visited the people that have played .	has the boy that shall see some boy visited the people that have played ?
some people that the baby did call were seeing the animal behind those babies .	were some people that the baby did call seeing the animal behind those babies ?
some children who some person has visited would work .	would some children who some person has visited work ?
some animals who do reach the baby have known some boy that some girls do know .	have some animals who do reach the baby known some boy that some girls do know ?
those animals who can see this child do sleep .	do those animals who can see this child sleep ?
those children who were helping some horse have tried .	have those children who were helping some horse tried ?
those girls who are drawing were calling the babies by those boys .	were those girls who are drawing calling the babies by those boys ?
this animal that those people have watched was feeding this child by some children .	was this animal that those people have watched feeding this child by some children ?
some boys that the girl has reached have played .	have some boys that the girl has reached played ?
the girls who are feeding some girl have sat .	have the girls who are feeding some girl sat ?
the boys who have watched some children are finding the baby behind the animal .	are the boys who have watched some children finding the baby behind the animal ?
this horse that the people do see was sleeping .	was this horse that the people do see sleeping ?
some child who some boys were reaching was reading .	was some child who some boys were reaching reading ?
this boy who those horses do see has worked .	has this boy who those horses do see worked ?
some animals that those girls would help have read .	have some animals that those girls would help read ?
some animal that would feed those boys does talk .	does some animal that would feed those boys talk ?
some person who this boy was seeing has slept .	has some person who this boy was seeing slept ?
the person that has fed this girl was walking .	was the person that has fed this girl walking ?
the girls who the boy was feeding shall fall .	shall the girls who the boy was feeding fall ?
some horses who were picking the baby do visit some girls by the person .	do some horses who were picking the baby visit some girls by the person ?
the child that the people have visited did find the babies behind this girl .	did the child that the people have visited find the babies behind this girl ?
this baby who has tried did draw .	did this baby who has tried draw ?
some animals that are feeding those children do watch this horse .	do some animals that are feeding those children watch this horse ?
the children that this animal is reaching shall watch this boy behind those girls .	shall the children that this animal is reaching watch this boy behind those girls ?
the boy who would visit the child shall help the children behind some children .	shall the boy who would visit the child help the children behind some children ?
some girl who some child would see is seeing some girl who the baby was feeding .	is some girl who some child would see seeing some girl who the baby was feeding ?
some boys that this boy has seen have played .	have some boys that this boy has seen played ?
this girl that has fed some boy was talking .	was this girl that has fed some boy talking ?
those boys who did feed those girls shall call some boy by those children .	shall those boys who did feed those girls call some boy by those children ?
this baby who some boy has found shall find the girl behind the child .	shall this baby who some boy has found find the girl behind the child ?
some children that the babies are feeding have drawn .	have some children that the babies are feeding drawn ?
those people that this child was seeing were visiting those babies by some people .	were those people that this child was seeing visiting those babies by some people ?
those babies who have played can sleep .	can those babies who have played sleep ?
some animal who has seen some boy did pick those animals .	did some animal who has seen some boy pick those animals ?
some children that are finding the child were working .	were some children that are finding the child working ?
the animals who those children have watched would walk .	would the animals who those children have watched walk ?
those girls who can call some boy would sit .	would those girls who can call some boy sit ?
the children that can help the girl would know some babies .	would the children that can help the girl know some babies ?
some boy that some animals are feeding can draw .	can some boy that some animals are feeding draw ?
the babies who were seeing this baby are siting .	are the babies who were seeing this baby siting ?
some children who this horse was reaching were calling this girl that is knowing some girl .	were some children who this horse was reaching calling this girl that is knowing some girl ?
some boy who has known this boy is knowing the boys behind some boys .	is some boy who has known this boy knowing the boys behind some boys ?
those boys that some children are seeing have seen some girl .	have those boys that some children are seeing seen some girl ?
some child who those boys were knowing has called the people that have walked .	has some child who those boys were knowing called the people that have walked ?
the horses that the boys did call were finding some person behind some boy .	were the horses that the boys did call finding some person behind some boy ?
the boy who can feed those babies is drawing .	is the boy who can feed those babies drawing ?
the girls that the boy did feed were helping those horses behind the girl .	were the girls that the boy did feed helping those horses behind the girl ?
the animals who this person has called are seeing some babies .	are the animals who this person has called seeing some babies ?
the babies who did draw have known the horse that shall talk .	have the babies who did draw known the horse that shall talk ?
this baby who can feed the horse did play .	did this baby who can feed the horse play ?
some person who some children have reached has called some animal behind the horses .	has some person who some children have reached called some animal behind the horses ?
some baby that is seeing some boys would see the girl behind the horse .	would some baby that is seeing some boys see the girl behind the horse ?
this horse who those people do pick has walked .	has this horse who those people do pick walked ?
this girl that the children shall pick was sleeping .	was this girl that the children shall pick sleeping ?
some girl that has fed the babies is sleeping .	is some girl that has fed the babies sleeping ?
some horse who the boy does visit did pick the people that have watched some children .	did some horse who the boy does visit pick the people that have watched some children ?
this boy that the child is seeing has visited some boy who would visit the animals .	has this boy that the child is seeing visited some boy who would visit the animals ?
some babies that those girls have helped are calling the baby .	are some babies that those girls have helped calling the baby ?
the child who can know the girl has seen those horses by some girls .	has the child who can know the girl seen those horses by some girls ?
some animals that this animal has watched have tried .	have some animals that this animal has watched tried ?
some children that have watched this baby shall work .	shall some children that have watched this baby work ?
the girl who some boys have visited was knowing the girls .	was the girl who some boys have visited knowing the girls ?
the animal who has known some horses would pick the animal by some children .	would the animal who has known some horses pick the animal by some children ?
the horses that can draw have fallen .	have the horses that can draw fallen ?
those boys that this baby is knowing shall watch those boys by the children .	shall those boys that this baby is knowing watch those boys by the children ?
the boys who are feeding some girl have played .	have the boys who are feeding some girl played ?
those people who the girls were visiting have drawn .	have those people who the girls were visiting drawn ?
some people who some child has found were helping some animal .	were some people who some child has found helping some animal ?
this baby who some animal can see would read .	would this baby who some animal can see read ?
the animals who have worked are picking the girls by this child .	are the animals who have worked picking the girls by this child ?
some children who some horses have fed shall talk .	shall some children who some horses have fed talk ?
the child who those animals were calling is talking .	is the child who those animals were calling talking ?
some child that does feed the baby is drawing .	is some child that does feed the baby drawing ?
some boys that those horses did know shall sit .	shall some boys that those horses did know sit ?
those people who have watched some people were picking some horse .	were those people who have watched some people picking some horse ?
the people who have tried did sit .	did the people who have tried sit ?
those babies that this animal has known did read .	did those babies that this animal has known read ?
the children who are drawing do help the girl .	do the children who are drawing help the girl ?
some baby who did sleep is falling .	is some baby who did sleep falling ?
those people who are helping those babies were walking .	were those people who are helping those babies walking ?
those horses who some boy has picked are reaching those boys behind the boys .	are those horses who some boy has picked reaching those boys behind the boys ?
the horse who would feed the girl is walking .	is the horse who would feed the girl walking ?
this girl who some person was visiting has talked .	has this girl who some person was visiting talked ?
some children that are finding the girl did visit those girls by those animals .	did some children that are finding the girl visit those girls by those animals ?
some baby that can find this person shall try .	shall some baby that can find this person try ?
some baby who the boy can know has known some person .	has some baby who the boy can know known some person ?
this child that some animal is helping did find the person .	did this child that some animal is helping find the person ?
this horse that those girls were picking was watching this baby by some girls .	was this horse that those girls were picking watching this baby by some girls ?
the horses that some horses do pick have picked the animals behind the horse .	have the horses that some horses do pick picked the animals behind the horse ?
the baby who was siting has slept .	has the baby who was siting slept ?
some baby that has picked the babies was feeding the animals behind the people .	was some baby that has picked the babies feeding the animals behind the people ?
this horse who those animals would find was trying .	was this horse who those animals would find trying ?
this girl who the horse can find was walking .	was this girl who the horse can find walking ?
those babies who were working have played .	have those babies who were working played ?
some children that were visiting the baby have seen some baby who was picking some babies .	have some children that were visiting the baby seen some baby who was picking some babies ?
some children that the person has found have visited some boy who has read .	have some children that the person has found visited some boy who has read ?
some person who is working has worked .	has some person who is working worked ?
those girls that the animals can call have called the animals .	have those girls that the animals can call called the animals ?
the girl who this animal shall visit would help some boys that are working .	would the girl who this animal shall visit help some boys that are working ?
the animal that the baby has picked would talk .	would the animal that the baby has picked talk ?
some person who has visited some girls does feed some boy that did see the girl .	does some person who has visited some girls feed some boy that did see the girl ?
the person who has fed this child is seeing this child behind the person .	is the person who has fed this child seeing this child behind the person ?
the people that have watched those girls are watching those boys .	are the people that have watched those girls watching those boys ?
some baby who did watch some children was visiting those animals who the babies were finding .	was some baby who did watch some children visiting those animals who the babies were finding ?
some animal who some horses are visiting is working .	is some animal who some horses are visiting working ?
the horse who was feeding the children is walking .	is the horse who was feeding the children walking ?
those horses that would visit some girl do call some children behind some animals .	do those horses that would visit some girl call some children behind some animals ?
those children that some baby has known have fallen .	have those children that some baby has known fallen ?
this animal that some child was visiting has fed those animals that were watching the girl .	has this animal that some child was visiting fed those animals that were watching the girl ?
some person who the girl does know shall see some girl .	shall some person who the girl does know see some girl ?
some boy who this child was calling has picked some boys .	has some boy who this child was calling picked some boys ?
the girls that the person would call have talked .	have the girls that the person would call talked ?
this girl that was reaching those children does watch the babies by some horses .	does this girl that was reaching those children watch the babies by some horses ?
those people who would call some boy are talking .	are those people who would call some boy talking ?
the animal that can walk was seeing the child by the boy .	was the animal that can walk seeing the child by the boy ?
this animal that did sit shall call some people .	shall this animal that did sit call some people ?
some girl who did find the horse shall read .	shall some girl who did find the horse read ?
some child that was talking has talked .	has some child that was talking talked ?
the animal that was visiting those children does sit .	does the animal that was visiting those children sit ?
this boy who some animals have reached did fall .	did this boy who some animals have reached fall ?
some babies who would sit have tried .	have some babies who would sit tried ?
the babies that are sleeping have known this person .	have the babies that are sleeping known this person ?
this animal who did talk was seeing those girls by those boys .	was this animal who did talk seeing those girls by those boys ?
those animals that the animals have known are seeing the child .	are those animals that the animals have known seeing the child ?
some boys that those animals shall reach have drawn .	have some boys that those animals shall reach drawn ?
those horses who the girls do call were drawing .	were those horses who the girls do call drawing ?
some animal that has played is talking .	is some animal that has played talking ?
some animals who some baby has visited did draw .	did some animals who some baby has visited draw ?
some children that were reaching some babies shall visit some girls by this boy .	shall some children that were reaching some babies visit some girls by this boy ?
the girl who is picking some child would help this person behind the girls .	would the girl who is picking some child help this person behind the girls ?
those children who have read were walking .	were those children who have read walking ?
the people that have picked the horse are seeing the horse by those children .	are the people that have picked the horse seeing the horse by those children ?
the child who has helped those animals can call the animal that the horse has called .	can the child who has helped those animals call the animal that the horse has called ?
some animal that is watching some horses has seen the people by some boys .	has some animal that is watching some horses seen the people by some boys ?
the animal who was watching the baby is feeding the horse by some boys .	is the animal who was watching the baby feeding the horse by some boys ?
some girls who are picking some boy have tried .	have some girls who are picking some boy tried ?
those horses who this person was helping have read .	have those horses who this person was helping read ?
some person who is visiting those boys was calling the child by some boys .	was some person who is visiting those boys calling the child by some boys ?
some animals that are reaching the child have tried .	have some animals that are reaching the child tried ?
the babies who are working did read .	did the babies who are working read ?
the girls who those children did see were falling .	were the girls who those children did see falling ?
the horse that the children have found shall find some girls behind some girls .	shall the horse that the children have found find some girls behind some girls ?
some boys that the horse has seen are falling .	are some boys that the horse has seen falling ?
some girls that the children can visit shall know those horses .	shall some girls that the children can visit know those horses ?
the boys that those people are helping would work .	would the boys that those people are helping work ?
some horse that those children are seeing has visited the child by some child .	has some horse that those children are seeing visited the child by some child ?
some girl who has picked some baby did fall .	did some girl who has picked some baby fall ?
the horse that would feed some girl was helping the children by some boy .	was the horse that would feed some girl helping the children by some boy ?
this child who some animals have watched has visited the children .	has this child who some animals have watched visited the children ?
those people that those children have fed were seeing some children who have seen those children .	were those people that those children have fed seeing some children who have seen those children ?
the girls who have sat can fall .	can the girls who have sat fall ?
some boys that some animal was seeing have fed some child that some girls were feeding .	have some boys that some animal was seeing fed some child that some girls were feeding ?
some babies who shall know some person were finding some boy that has visited the girl .	were some babies who shall know some person finding some boy that has visited the girl ?
those animals who have drawn are talking .	are those animals who have drawn talking ?
some person that did work was working .	was some person that did work working ?
the horses who were seeing those horses would pick some boy .	would the horses who were seeing those horses pick some boy ?
those horses who do know this horse have fed some children .	have those horses who do know this horse fed some children ?
the girls that this person would reach were talking .	were the girls that this person would reach talking ?
the horse who would find those people is siting .	is the horse who would find those people siting ?
some animals who have called some girl do sleep .	do some animals who have called some girl sleep ?
some babies who can help those boys have known some animals who have picked some boy .	have some babies who can help those boys known some animals who have picked some boy ?
the people that the animals were knowing have worked .	have the people that the animals were knowing worked ?
those girls who were picking some person have read .	have those girls who were picking some person read ?
the baby who shall work has known some baby by the boys .	has the baby who shall work known some baby by the boys ?
the horses that were helping the people are calling those animals by the child .	are the horses that were helping the people calling those animals by the child ?
the boy that would know some horses can see some boy that shall sit .	can the boy that would know some horses see some boy that shall sit ?
some girl who some animal would see has fed the people .	has some girl who some animal would see fed the people ?
some babies that some horse is finding did pick those babies behind some horse .	did some babies that some horse is finding pick those babies behind some horse ?
some animals who were sleeping do visit this boy behind this person .	do some animals who were sleeping visit this boy behind this person ?
those animals who have worked are helping this girl behind some animal .	are those animals who have worked helping this girl behind some animal ?
some animal who does find some boy has found some girl by the children .	has some animal who does find some boy found some girl by the children ?
the horse who the children can know was feeding some people behind the baby .	was the horse who the children can know feeding some people behind the baby ?
this horse who was falling would read .	would this horse who was falling read ?
those boys who have fallen would play .	would those boys who have fallen play ?
the animal who would know those people was drawing .	was the animal who would know those people drawing ?
the horse that was picking some boys has slept .	has the horse that was picking some boys slept ?
some animal who has fed the girl would watch the boy who those babies have picked .	would some animal who has fed the girl watch the boy who those babies have picked ?
some boy who the boys were helping does talk .	does some boy who the boys were helping talk ?
some animals who the horses have called were sleeping .	were some animals who the horses have called sleeping ?
some babies that the babies were reaching did draw .	did some babies that the babies were reaching draw ?
some child who has slept is falling .	is some child who has slept falling ?
this child who the animal would feed has picked those children .	has this child who the animal would feed picked those children ?
the horse who those animals have fed did walk .	did the horse who those animals have fed walk ?
the girl who has seen the horse is helping those animals by the animals .	is the girl who has seen the horse helping those animals by the animals ?
the animals that are knowing this horse would talk .	would the animals that are knowing this horse talk ?
the horse that this boy is reaching has worked .	has the horse that this boy is reaching worked ?
those girls who shall play were working .	were those girls who shall play working ?
those babies who do help the girls were knowing the child by some boys .	were those babies who do help the girls knowing the child by some boys ?
the baby who the girl has reached would sit .	would the baby who the girl has reached sit ?
the horses who are knowing the horses have worked .	have the horses who are knowing the horses worked ?
some person who has slept was talking .	was some person who has slept talking ?
the horses that were siting are trying .	are the horses that were siting trying ?
those boys who were watching some boys have talked .	have those boys who were watching some boys talked ?
this person who some child is finding shall sleep .	shall this person who some child is finding sleep ?
the horses that some boy would reach shall try .	shall the horses that some boy would reach try ?
the animal that has slept can work .	can the animal that has slept work ?
this person that those animals were knowing has reached this baby behind the horses .	has this person that those animals were knowing reached this baby behind the horses ?
this child who can watch the girl is sleeping .	is this child who can watch the girl sleeping ?
this person who can walk was finding the animals that can visit some babies .	was this person who can walk finding the animals that can visit some babies ?
this child who was feeding those babies does find this child .	does this child who was feeding those babies find this child ?
the animals who were seeing the children are finding the horses that did help some children .	are the animals who were seeing the children finding the horses that did help some children ?
this boy who some children shall reach has seen some people by this girl .	has this boy who some children shall reach seen some people by this girl ?
the child who was knowing the girls is visiting this horse .	is the child who was knowing the girls visiting this horse ?
some horse that shall walk has talked .	has some horse that shall walk talked ?
the child that this child is knowing did watch the children by the children .	did the child that this child is knowing watch the children by the children ?
those children who are drawing would play .	would those children who are drawing play ?
those people that were falling have walked .	have those people that were falling walked ?
the babies who the children are visiting would pick the person .	would the babies who the children are visiting pick the person ?
the boys that are reaching the animal have played .	have the boys that are reaching the animal played ?
some child who the girl has helped shall pick those people .	shall some child who the girl has helped pick those people ?
the people who have fed this person were reaching the animals that some people were seeing .	were the people who have fed this person reaching the animals that some people were seeing ?
some horses who can feed the boys do work .	do some horses who can feed the boys work ?
some girl who the horses did reach is trying .	is some girl who the horses did reach trying ?
those children who some animals have visited were drawing .	were those children who some animals have visited drawing ?
those babies who would watch some girl have talked .	have those babies who would watch some girl talked ?
this child that this animal did feed shall walk .	shall this child that this animal did feed walk ?
the horses who some animals are seeing have called those horses that the boy has known .	have the horses who some animals are seeing called those horses that the boy has known ?
this child who does call the child is playing .	is this child who does call the child playing ?
this child that did sit is picking some horse .	is this child that did sit picking some horse ?
this girl who is finding the people has tried .	has this girl who is finding the people tried ?
some boy that those girls did call has tried .	has some boy that those girls did call tried ?
the babies who have known some girls would read .	would the babies who have known some girls read ?
the people that were helping the boys have worked .	have the people that were helping the boys worked ?
the animal that some horse can find has drawn .	has the animal that some horse can find drawn ?
the people that have seen those people are helping some horse who the baby shall pick .	are the people that have seen those people helping some horse who the baby shall pick ?
some animal that did see some animal has walked .	has some animal that did see some animal walked ?
the boys that can know the boy are trying .	are the boys that can know the boy trying ?
the babies who the horse did visit can play .	can the babies who the horse did visit play ?
some horse that shall fall has seen some horses .	has some horse that shall fall seen some horses ?
the baby that the horses have called was siting .	was the baby that the horses have called siting ?
some children who some person was calling were feeding those babies behind those animals .	were some children who some person was calling feeding those babies behind those animals ?
those people who some animals are visiting do visit this boy behind those children .	do those people who some animals are visiting visit this boy behind those children ?
some baby who did know some boy is playing .	is some baby who did know some boy playing ?
the boy that was playing has seen some animals by this boy .	has the boy that was playing seen some animals by this boy ?
those animals who would pick this child have walked .	have those animals who would pick this child walked ?
the boys who shall call those girls have read .	have the boys who shall call those girls read ?
some animals that do help some girls would draw .	would some animals that do help some girls draw ?
some horses who shall sit do know some baby behind some girl .	do some horses who shall sit know some baby behind some girl ?
the children that some child is calling do feed this animal by some animals .	do the children that some child is calling feed this animal by some animals ?
some child who does work has talked .	has some child who does work talked ?
some children that would know some people are sleeping .	are some children that would know some people sleeping ?
the children that are visiting those animals did draw .	did the children that are visiting those animals draw ?
this person that the babies would know does visit those animals by some child .	does this person that the babies would know visit those animals by some child ?
this child who the boys can reach has talked .	has this child who the boys can reach talked ?
those girls who were knowing the horses have sat .	have those girls who were knowing the horses sat ?
those girls that would watch those children do pick those people that have found the person .	do those girls that would watch those children pick those people that have found the person ?
those horses that would draw have fallen .	have those horses that would draw fallen ?
those people who were trying are helping some animals behind the animals .	are those people who were trying helping some animals behind the animals ?
this girl that is working did walk .	did this girl that is working walk ?
the girls that can see the babies are talking .	are the girls that can see the babies talking ?
the animals that did watch some children have visited those horses by the baby .	have the animals that did watch some children visited those horses by the baby ?
some babies that have found some baby were knowing this girl .	were some babies that have found some baby knowing this girl ?
those animals who were drawing shall sit .	shall those animals who were drawing sit ?
this animal who does sit has picked the animal who the horse was visiting .	has this animal who does sit picked the animal who the horse was visiting ?
those boys who did call the animals are seeing the horses .	are those boys who did call the animals seeing the horses ?
this girl that this animal has visited was playing .	was this girl that this animal has visited playing ?
this baby that some baby would help was siting .	was this baby that some baby would help siting ?
the horse that the boy has helped does watch those children behind some animals .	does the horse that the boy has helped watch those children behind some animals ?
some girls that some child is helping are helping some horses who those children have fed .	are some girls that some child is helping helping some horses who those children have fed ?
the person that has worked did fall .	did the person that has worked fall ?
some girl who would visit some babies has fed some boys that the babies would know .	has some girl who would visit some babies fed some boys that the babies would know ?
the horse that has played shall help some children who shall reach those children .	shall the horse that has played help some children who shall reach those children ?
this horse that some animals shall feed did try .	did this horse that some animals shall feed try ?
some animal who some boys have watched has fed some horse behind some person .	has some animal who some boys have watched fed some horse behind some person ?
this horse that did sit has found this child that those children have picked .	has this horse that did sit found this child that those children have picked ?
the babies that the people have helped are picking some girl .	are the babies that the people have helped picking some girl ?
the animal who does see those people is playing .	is the animal who does see those people playing ?
some girls who would fall have reached some boys by the child .	have some girls who would fall reached some boys by the child ?
the babies who did reach some horse were knowing this boy by the horses .	were the babies who did reach some horse knowing this boy by the horses ?
this girl who this horse is watching did sleep .	did this girl who this horse is watching sleep ?
this animal who shall reach the children can draw .	can this animal who shall reach the children draw ?
some baby that has found those people shall try .	shall some baby that has found those people try ?
the animal who did play has called some horse by the boy .	has the animal who did play called some horse by the boy ?
the babies that this person is finding are playing .	are the babies that this person is finding playing ?
this animal that the horses do watch has played .	has this animal that the horses do watch played ?
this horse that would reach some horse was helping this animal behind those animals .	was this horse that would reach some horse helping this animal behind those animals ?
the children that have drawn do know the girl .	do the children that have drawn know the girl ?
some horse that those animals have found is trying .	is some horse that those animals have found trying ?
some children who some child did find are knowing the horse behind the boys .	are some children who some child did find knowing the horse behind the boys ?
the boys that this horse has known shall watch the children that do feed some boy .	shall the boys that this horse has known watch the children that do feed some boy ?
this animal who the horse shall watch has fallen .	has this animal who the horse shall watch fallen ?
some horse that was picking the babies can play .	can some horse that was picking the babies play ?
the baby who is calling the person has walked .	has the baby who is calling the person walked ?
those animals who were helping the girl have watched the children behind the horses .	have those animals who were helping the girl watched the children behind the horses ?
some people who some child is feeding did try .	did some people who some child is feeding try ?
this animal that this animal was feeding shall reach some horses .	shall this animal that this animal was feeding reach some horses ?
some animal that is reading has watched this girl .	has some animal that is reading watched this girl ?
this animal that this baby has known shall help this boy behind some people .	shall this animal that this baby has known help this boy behind some people ?
some boys that some babies would help have slept .	have some boys that some babies would help slept ?
some person that those boys are watching can find the animal by some boys .	can some person that those boys are watching find the animal by some boys ?
some child who has watched some horse was visiting those animals behind the girl .	was some child who has watched some horse visiting those animals behind the girl ?
the child who has reached those boys did sit .	did the child who has reached those boys sit ?
this child who has fed this horse would find some baby .	would this child who has fed this horse find some baby ?
this child that the horses shall call does call the person who shall visit some horses .	does this child that the horses shall call call the person who shall visit some horses ?
those boys that are visiting the horse did pick some person .	did those boys that are visiting the horse pick some person ?
those horses that have reached the girl were watching some boy .	were those horses that have reached the girl watching some boy ?
this girl who is finding the person does help the animal by those babies .	does this girl who is finding the person help the animal by those babies ?
the boy who some horses have helped has read .	has the boy who some horses have helped read ?
some baby who can reach some animals has slept .	has some baby who can reach some animals slept ?
some people that have watched the boy are walking .	are some people that have watched the boy walking ?
some child who the people have known is helping the baby behind some baby .	is some child who the people have known helping the baby behind some baby ?
the horse that some person has fed is playing .	is the horse that some person has fed playing ?
some person that shall sleep has helped some horse by some people .	has some person that shall sleep helped some horse by some people ?
the animal who this animal shall find is helping some children by this girl .	is the animal who this animal shall find helping some children by this girl ?
some horse that some baby is helping has read .	has some horse that some baby is helping read ?
this boy that would talk has fed this baby by some girl .	has this boy that would talk fed this baby by some girl ?
those babies that have helped some baby do reach the girls by those children .	do those babies that have helped some baby reach the girls by those children ?
the babies that do watch this boy have seen some girl .	have the babies that do watch this boy seen some girl ?
those children who do fall would pick the boy .	would those children who do fall pick the boy ?
some person that was reaching the girl is talking .	is some person that was reaching the girl talking ?
the boys that were helping the people are falling .	are the boys that were helping the people falling ?
the animal that this person shall see was watching those horses that some people are feeding .	was the animal that this person shall see watching those horses that some people are feeding ?
some horses that do try were siting .	were some horses that do try siting ?
the people who some boys are feeding did sleep .	did the people who some boys are feeding sleep ?
the horse who shall call those animals has worked .	has the horse who shall call those animals worked ?
some person that was picking some girls is seeing some babies that did fall .	is some person that was picking some girls seeing some babies that did fall ?
the animals who have fed some animals do watch this boy .	do the animals who have fed some animals watch this boy ?
some horses who some baby has reached were feeding some child .	were some horses who some baby has reached feeding some child ?
the horse that can visit those boys has helped those animals by the girl .	has the horse that can visit those boys helped those animals by the girl ?
the animal that was knowing this person is falling .	is the animal that was knowing this person falling ?
the girls who have worked are feeding this horse behind some people .	are the girls who have worked feeding this horse behind some people ?
the animals that are knowing some baby have drawn .	have the animals that are knowing some baby drawn ?
some animals that have tried do know this boy .	do some animals that have tried know this boy ?
the child who was finding some girl is seeing this boy behind this child .	is the child who was finding some girl seeing this boy behind this child ?
this girl that was finding some child can watch some horses by some boy .	can this girl that was finding some child watch some horses by some boy ?
some person that does read shall help the horses behind some people .	shall some person that does read help the horses behind some people ?
this baby who would see this person has slept .	has this baby who would see this person slept ?
this boy that this baby can call is visiting the girl .	is this boy that this baby can call visiting the girl ?
the children that those babies did pick can work .	can the children that those babies did pick work ?
those horses that those girls are reaching were reading .	were those horses that those girls are reaching reading ?
those babies that those babies have called were calling some horses behind those babies .	were those babies that those babies have called calling some horses behind those babies ?
the boy that some babies were picking can sit .	can the boy that some babies were picking sit ?
this person that the boy has reached did feed some horses behind the baby .	did this person that the boy has reached feed some horses behind the baby ?
some girl who does pick some animals has picked some boy behind some people .	has some girl who does pick some animals picked some boy behind some people ?
the boys that are watching the horses have known some girls who shall read .	have the boys that are watching the horses known some girls who shall read ?
some horses who are reading have found those people behind this baby .	have some horses who are reading found those people behind this baby ?
some child who some boys are calling has talked .	has some child who some boys are calling talked ?
some person that is falling has reached the horses behind some boy .	has some person that is falling reached the horses behind some boy ?
the girl that has seen the animal is watching this boy behind those people .	is the girl that has seen the animal watching this boy behind those people ?
the child that has drawn is trying .	is the child that has drawn trying ?
those children that do feed some person have sat .	have those children that do feed some person sat ?
some boys who some baby is picking have sat .	have some boys who some baby is picking sat ?
this baby that shall talk did watch the boy that some animal has known .	did this baby that shall talk watch the boy that some animal has known ?
the animal that some boys were feeding has found the children by the babies .	has the animal that some boys were feeding found the children by the babies ?
those girls that the boy has reached were feeding those animals behind some baby .	were those girls that the boy has reached feeding those animals behind some baby ?
the baby that those people have found has known this girl .	has the baby that those people have found known this girl ?
those girls that the children were knowing would sleep .	would those girls that the children were knowing sleep ?
the children who did watch the girls were trying .	were the children who did watch the girls trying ?
the animal who does watch this boy is drawing .	is the animal who does watch this boy drawing ?
those girls that the people were reaching are reaching the children that some animals have visited .	are those girls that the people were reaching reaching the children that some animals have visited ?
this animal that has tried is watching the girls by this child .	is this animal that has tried watching the girls by this child ?
the girl who was helping some horse is siting .	is the girl who was helping some horse siting ?
some boy who was calling the horse is falling .	is some boy who was calling the horse falling ?
the boys that are siting do call this horse .	do the boys that are siting call this horse ?
those people who can sleep have fed some horse by the boys .	have those people who can sleep fed some horse by the boys ?
the child that some girls have picked did walk .	did the child that some girls have picked walk ?
those children that do visit some baby can know the girls behind some babies .	can those children that do visit some baby know the girls behind some babies ?
those girls who this boy was calling are talking .	are those girls who this boy was calling talking ?
the boy who did see the horse is knowing some babies by the baby .	is the boy who did see the horse knowing some babies by the baby ?
some girl who has tried does pick some boys that the animal has found .	does some girl who has tried pick some boys that the animal has found ?
some children who are calling the girl were seeing those animals who this child does call .	were some children who are calling the girl seeing those animals who this child does call ?
those babies who shall call those boys can sleep .	can those babies who shall call those boys sleep ?
the babies who those horses did feed were knowing the boy behind some children .	were the babies who those horses did feed knowing the boy behind some children ?
some children who some horse was watching shall pick those boys that the horse would feed .	shall some children who some horse was watching pick those boys that the horse would feed ?
those boys who can find the person have known the boy .	have those boys who can find the person known the boy ?
the people who have known some person would know the horse that some child is finding .	would the people who have known some person know the horse that some child is finding ?
the children that are walking have worked .	have the children that are walking worked ?
this horse that is visiting some children has fed some children by the people .	has this horse that is visiting some children fed some children by the people ?
the children that this baby is helping have called some children by this baby .	have the children that this baby is helping called some children by this baby ?
the children that some person would feed were knowing those boys that can help the animal .	were the children that some person would feed knowing those boys that can help the animal ?
some boys who have known the boy were trying .	were some boys who have known the boy trying ?
those babies who shall sleep were helping some girl who was reading .	were those babies who shall sleep helping some girl who was reading ?
the people that can find the person were sleeping .	were the people that can find the person sleeping ?
some animal who has sat can try .	can some animal who has sat try ?
some horses who some horses were helping are falling .	are some horses who some horses were helping falling ?
the girl who does visit some girls has helped the babies who have fed those children .	has the girl who does visit some girls helped the babies who have fed those children ?
the horse who some child has known did talk .	did the horse who some child has known talk ?
those horses that the girl is picking would walk .	would those horses that the girl is picking walk ?
those horses who those horses do see were reading .	were those horses who those horses do see reading ?
those horses that are seeing some girls were trying .	were those horses that are seeing some girls trying ?
some babies who would call some animal were siting .	were some babies who would call some animal siting ?
this girl that some person has picked does reach those children .	does this girl that some person has picked reach those children ?
the children who have called those animals can work .	can the children who have called those animals work ?
this girl who was falling is calling the boy .	is this girl who was falling calling the boy ?
some girl that this animal was feeding has played .	has some girl that this animal was feeding played ?
those boys that have known the child were calling the child behind the boys .	were those boys that have known the child calling the child behind the boys ?
the children that the horse was calling have read .	have the children that the horse was calling read ?
those girls that shall visit the baby would work .	would those girls that shall visit the baby work ?
the girl who has fallen does see this boy behind some horses .	does the girl who has fallen see this boy behind some horses ?
some boys who those horses have picked would reach those girls who are visiting some horse .	would some boys who those horses have picked reach those girls who are visiting some horse ?
the girl that has slept would call the child .	would the girl that has slept call the child ?
some horse who would sleep can walk .	can some horse who would sleep walk ?
the girl who some child shall pick would watch the girls who are playing .	would the girl who some child shall pick watch the girls who are playing ?
some horses who have worked shall find some girl behind some children .	shall some horses who have worked find some girl behind some children ?
this horse that the horse has picked is reaching those horses behind some animals .	is this horse that the horse has picked reaching those horses behind some animals ?
some person who has talked is working .	is some person who has talked working ?
the boys that are visiting some horse have seen the child that would help those children .	have the boys that are visiting some horse seen the child that would help those children ?
those horses that some child did watch can play .	can those horses that some child did watch play ?
some animal who does walk can visit some animal that shall reach some boy .	can some animal who does walk visit some animal that shall reach some boy ?
those boys who this baby would pick are visiting those girls that were talking .	are those boys who this baby would pick visiting those girls that were talking ?
some animals who those animals have reached were drawing .	were some animals who those animals have reached drawing ?
some baby who did draw has watched some boys by the horses .	has some baby who did draw watched some boys by the horses ?
those children who would try have called the horses by the person .	have those children who would try called the horses by the person ?
some child who can know some baby has drawn .	has some child who can know some baby drawn ?
some horses that are working do try .	do some horses that are working try ?
those people that this person would see have played .	have those people that this person would see played ?
those girls that were sleeping are trying .	are those girls that were sleeping trying ?
the children who have called some boys were feeding some people .	were the children who have called some boys feeding some people ?
some person who the baby has found would sit .	would some person who the baby has found sit ?
those babies who this animal has known do play .	do those babies who this animal has known play ?
some children that the boy does help have found the animal .	have some children that the boy does help found the animal ?
this animal who has known those horses would play .	would this animal who has known those horses play ?
the horses who shall know the animals were seeing this baby .	were the horses who shall know the animals seeing this baby ?
some boy who was calling the baby is feeding some animals .	is some boy who was calling the baby feeding some animals ?
some girl who the girl was feeding shall find some girls who some babies can know .	shall some girl who the girl was feeding find some girls who some babies can know ?
those people who some baby has called are drawing .	are those people who some baby has called drawing ?
those horses who shall try can sit .	can those horses who shall try sit ?
some babies who can reach some boy have visited some girl that some animals are knowing .	have some babies who can reach some boy visited some girl that some animals are knowing ?
this boy that is visiting some boys was visiting some girl by the animal .	was this boy that is visiting some boys visiting some girl by the animal ?
the baby that the boy can watch has found this horse .	has the baby that the boy can watch found this horse ?
some horses who the person is knowing do play .	do some horses who the person is knowing play ?
the animal that the person has called did try .	did the animal that the person has called try ?
the boy who did visit some children was knowing the horses behind this horse .	was the boy who did visit some children knowing the horses behind this horse ?
some children who have read were picking the girl by those horses .	were some children who have read picking the girl by those horses ?
some girl that the people were calling shall draw .	shall some girl that the people were calling draw ?
those girls who are finding some baby would reach this child behind this animal .	would those girls who are finding some baby reach this child behind this animal ?
some boys that are working have talked .	have some boys that are working talked ?
some babies that are reaching this horse have seen this person by the horse .	have some babies that are reaching this horse seen this person by the horse ?
this horse who did know the horses is watching some boy who has picked those people .	is this horse who did know the horses watching some boy who has picked those people ?
the boy who the baby was knowing has slept .	has the boy who the baby was knowing slept ?
this horse that those girls have fed shall feed some children behind the girl .	shall this horse that those girls have fed feed some children behind the girl ?
some horse who some person can visit has watched the children .	has some horse who some person can visit watched the children ?
those boys that those people are feeding can see the people by the girls .	can those boys that those people are feeding see the people by the girls ?
some children that shall visit some boys have found the animal .	have some children that shall visit some boys found the animal ?
some baby that did call some child is falling .	is some baby that did call some child falling ?
some baby that has worked does find some boys that have known the boy .	does some baby that has worked find some boys that have known the boy ?
some horses that did find this child have found the babies who some animal was feeding .	have some horses that did find this child found the babies who some animal was feeding ?
some baby that this person has found was talking .	was some baby that this person has found talking ?
the babies that the child is watching have fallen .	have the babies that the child is watching fallen ?
those babies that have fed some girl would try .	would those babies that have fed some girl try ?
the boy that has played does talk .	does the boy that has played talk ?
those animals who those people are knowing were reaching some boy by this child .	were those animals who those people are knowing reaching some boy by this child ?
those people that did find the person have found some babies .	have those people that did find the person found some babies ?
those children who the boy has watched did call some children that are visiting those girls .	did those children who the boy has watched call some children that are visiting those girls ?
some babies that can play would reach those girls who can feed this baby .	would some babies that can play reach those girls who can feed this baby ?
the animal that has visited the baby was walking .	was the animal that has visited the baby walking ?
some person who was feeding the person has helped some animal behind some child .	has some person who was feeding the person helped some animal behind some child ?
this boy who does find some person has fed the animal that the horse was helping .	has this boy who does find some person fed the animal that the horse was helping ?
some animal that those children were helping does read .	does some animal that those children were helping read ?
some animal who the baby is feeding has fed this baby by this girl .	has some animal who the baby is feeding fed this baby by this girl ?
those children that can see those children were playing .	were those children that can see those children playing ?
the animal that was finding the child is seeing those babies that have tried .	is the animal that was finding the child seeing those babies that have tried ?
this baby that was sleeping has known the children behind this horse .	has this baby that was sleeping known the children behind this horse ?
some animal that can watch this horse has watched some boys .	has some animal that can watch this horse watched some boys ?
the horse who has fallen would sit .	would the horse who has fallen sit ?
the boys that have talked were reaching the horses behind some people .	were the boys that have talked reaching the horses behind some people ?
the baby who those people have picked can sit .	can the baby who those people have picked sit ?
some child that those horses do visit has played .	has some child that those horses do visit played ?
some person who has fed the girls was playing .	was some person who has fed the girls playing ?
some boys that have worked did pick some girls .	did some boys that have worked pick some girls ?
some horses who the child was reaching have played .	have some horses who the child was reaching played ?
this baby who some horses were watching has worked .	has this baby who some horses were watching worked ?
some person who would pick the child has worked .	has some person who would pick the child worked ?
those horses who were sleeping can see some people .	can those horses who were sleeping see some people ?
those people who would draw are calling the girl who does sleep .	are those people who would draw calling the girl who does sleep ?
those girls that were feeding the children do work .	do those girls that were feeding the children work ?
those people that have called the babies are drawing .	are those people that have called the babies drawing ?
the boys that the boy has fed have watched those children .	have the boys that the boy has fed watched those children ?
this child who was playing does sleep .	does this child who was playing sleep ?
this person who has seen the horses would fall .	would this person who has seen the horses fall ?
some boy that does see some boy was talking .	was some boy that does see some boy talking ?
the child that shall call those children was calling some horse .	was the child that shall call those children calling some horse ?
this girl that the animals do feed is siting .	is this girl that the animals do feed siting ?
the girl who the person was finding is playing .	is the girl who the person was finding playing ?
this girl who can pick some animals did reach some animal behind the person .	did this girl who can pick some animals reach some animal behind the person ?
the children who have walked did read .	did the children who have walked read ?
some babies that have walked were working .	were some babies that have walked working ?
those horses who the boys are finding shall pick those animals .	shall those horses who the boys are finding pick those animals ?
the girls who would watch the girl were seeing this animal by some people .	were the girls who would watch the girl seeing this animal by some people ?
this child who is falling was playing .	was this child who is falling playing ?
the horse who the babies were watching has sat .	has the horse who the babies were watching sat ?
the animal who did sleep was calling the babies by the baby .	was the animal who did sleep calling the babies by the baby ?
those children who are picking this baby can try .	can those children who are picking this baby try ?
some horses that are talking have walked .	have some horses that are talking walked ?
some horse that has fed some boys was visiting some horse behind the boys .	was some horse that has fed some boys visiting some horse behind the boys ?
the animal that was reading has found the baby by this horse .	has the animal that was reading found the baby by this horse ?
some person that some child can know is trying .	is some person that some child can know trying ?
the people that those boys do call have watched the boy .	have the people that those boys do call watched the boy ?
some girl who some boys were feeding is sleeping .	is some girl who some boys were feeding sleeping ?
the child that was seeing the baby is knowing those animals behind some horse .	is the child that was seeing the baby knowing those animals behind some horse ?
this person who did visit some horses does talk .	does this person who did visit some horses talk ?
those boys who some girl can reach were visiting those boys by some horse .	were those boys who some girl can reach visiting those boys by some horse ?
this boy who is calling the person did sit .	did this boy who is calling the person sit ?
some girls that some animals have picked were drawing .	were some girls that some animals have picked drawing ?
some person that shall try does sleep .	does some person that shall try sleep ?
the babies that the people have known can watch the girl by some children .	can the babies that the people have known watch the girl by some children ?
the babies that the girls were seeing shall help the baby that the people are visiting .	shall the babies that the girls were seeing help the baby that the people are visiting ?
some girls that are working would work .	would some girls that are working work ?
some children that were picking some babies would find this baby .	would some children that were picking some babies find this baby ?
this baby that shall watch the person did find the baby that did feed this girl .	did this baby that shall watch the person find the baby that did feed this girl ?
some boy who was feeding the child does pick this person .	does some boy who was feeding the child pick this person ?
some baby that was working shall find this girl .	shall some baby that was working find this girl ?
this girl that those horses have watched has known some animals .	has this girl that those horses have watched known some animals ?
those girls who this child is picking were helping some horses by the horses .	were those girls who this child is picking helping some horses by the horses ?
the boys who have drawn are seeing those people .	are the boys who have drawn seeing those people ?
the animals that do help the baby are siting .	are the animals that do help the baby siting ?
this person that has fallen was playing .	was this person that has fallen playing ?
the animals who those babies are knowing would play .	would the animals who those babies are knowing play ?
this horse that the person can feed has called the babies behind some horse .	has this horse that the person can feed called the babies behind some horse ?
those horses who the boys can help were walking .	were those horses who the boys can help walking ?
some baby who those horses are watching was visiting the animals behind some horses .	was some baby who those horses are watching visiting the animals behind some horses ?
this girl that is visiting the boy does see some child who is watching the baby .	does this girl that is visiting the boy see some child who is watching the baby ?
some animals that have visited some child are falling .	are some animals that have visited some child falling ?
this horse that was seeing those animals shall call the child by the animals .	shall this horse that was seeing those animals call the child by the animals ?
this person that some boy is seeing has seen this animal behind some girl .	has this person that some boy is seeing seen this animal behind some girl ?
the animal who was calling this baby has helped some boys .	has the animal who was calling this baby helped some boys ?
those babies that this baby did see would call some girls by some person .	would those babies that this baby did see call some girls by some person ?
some children that can know this person were seeing some children that the children can see .	were some children that can know this person seeing some children that the children can see ?
some animals who have played do see the horses who the people have found .	do some animals who have played see the horses who the people have found ?
the boys that the horse is helping are trying .	are the boys that the horse is helping trying ?
some animal who has called those horses is calling some people that do visit this person .	is some animal who has called those horses calling some people that do visit this person ?
this child who would know this baby is walking .	is this child who would know this baby walking ?
this animal that is picking the horse was drawing .	was this animal that is picking the horse drawing ?
the babies that some baby was seeing have seen the girl behind some girls .	have the babies that some baby was seeing seen the girl behind some girls ?
those animals that have fed those people are seeing some girl .	are those animals that have fed those people seeing some girl ?
the children who those children have fed can visit the animals by some person .	can the children who those children have fed visit the animals by some person ?
some girls that are playing shall walk .	shall some girls that are playing walk ?
some child who the animals have watched did watch the children behind this baby .	did some child who the animals have watched watch the children behind this baby ?
the baby that did find this baby is sleeping .	is the baby that did find this baby sleeping ?
the baby who has talked was knowing some horse .	was the baby who has talked knowing some horse ?
this horse that did visit those boys has tried .	has this horse that did visit those boys tried ?
the people that those animals were reaching would fall .	would the people that those animals were reaching fall ?
the person who the boys were helping is playing .	is the person who the boys were helping playing ?
those girls that some boy was knowing have read .	have those girls that some boy was knowing read ?
those children that the child would see are feeding some person behind some girl .	are those children that the child would see feeding some person behind some girl ?
some person who does visit those horses has read .	has some person who does visit those horses read ?
some babies that do see this animal were finding those animals .	were some babies that do see this animal finding those animals ?
the animal who has reached the person is helping this horse behind the girls .	is the animal who has reached the person helping this horse behind the girls ?
the girl who is reaching some animals has slept .	has the girl who is reaching some animals slept ?
the baby who was watching some people would feed this boy by those boys .	would the baby who was watching some people feed this boy by those boys ?
the boy who the babies are picking did watch the horses by some horses .	did the boy who the babies are picking watch the horses by some horses ?
some baby who some horse can find has found those boys that some boy can find .	has some baby who some horse can find found those boys that some boy can find ?
this boy who was trying shall pick the boys behind the children .	shall this boy who was trying pick the boys behind the children ?
some animals that are picking some horse shall see the animal by this girl .	shall some animals that are picking some horse see the animal by this girl ?
those children who shall work do play .	do those children who shall work play ?
some people that those boys were picking have read .	have some people that those boys were picking read ?
those people who some horses can pick were picking this boy by some people .	were those people who some horses can pick picking this boy by some people ?
some people that are reading can visit the horses by some people .	can some people that are reading visit the horses by some people ?
this baby that some animals have watched is knowing the people who did talk .	is this baby that some animals have watched knowing the people who did talk ?
this child who some horse would see is picking the people by the boys .	is this child who some horse would see picking the people by the boys ?
those boys who the girl shall watch did pick this girl behind this person .	did those boys who the girl shall watch pick this girl behind this person ?
this animal that some people do see shall walk .	shall this animal that some people do see walk ?
some child who the babies can watch does work .	does some child who the babies can watch work ?
those boys who this baby has seen have played .	have those boys who this baby has seen played ?
this person that has walked can fall .	can this person that has walked fall ?
this boy that some animal does call has called this boy who shall try .	has this boy that some animal does call called this boy who shall try ?
those babies who did help this baby have drawn .	have those babies who did help this baby drawn ?
some horse that was feeding those children has called the girl by some animal .	has some horse that was feeding those children called the girl by some animal ?
the girl who has visited this boy would read .	would the girl who has visited this boy read ?
the boys who some people have called would see some child behind the horse .	would the boys who some people have called see some child behind the horse ?
the babies that would know this horse were siting .	were the babies that would know this horse siting ?
those animals that are visiting some horses were picking the children that some horse has called .	were those animals that are visiting some horses picking the children that some horse has called ?
some boys that were sleeping are seeing this girl behind some babies .	are some boys that were sleeping seeing this girl behind some babies ?
some animal who was talking has called this boy .	has some animal who was talking called this boy ?
this person that can watch some boys is feeding some babies by some boy .	is this person that can watch some boys feeding some babies by some boy ?
those boys that some baby has found would work .	would those boys that some baby has found work ?
those babies who have talked can find the horses who are reaching this animal .	can those babies who have talked find the horses who are reaching this animal ?
those babies who did feed those babies have drawn .	have those babies who did feed those babies drawn ?
the boy who did work can feed this person by this girl .	can the boy who did work feed this person by this girl ?
some horse who was working is working .	is some horse who was working working ?
the children that the children were helping are calling the babies that have fed this baby .	are the children that the children were helping calling the babies that have fed this baby ?
some person who the girls have helped has sat .	has some person who the girls have helped sat ?
some horse that some babies were visiting did see this boy behind those horses .	did some horse that some babies were visiting see this boy behind those horses ?
this child that the horses were reaching shall know the children behind this person .	shall this child that the horses were reaching know the children behind this person ?
the person that the girl did pick has fallen .	has the person that the girl did pick fallen ?
some girl that the animals have watched can sleep .	can some girl that the animals have watched sleep ?
some boys who some child can help are trying .	are some boys who some child can help trying ?
some horses that shall reach some baby have reached the child .	have some horses that shall reach some baby reached the child ?
some person that has talked can try .	can some person that has talked try ?
the horses who some children have known did draw .	did the horses who some children have known draw ?
some boys that this girl shall pick were reaching the boy behind the girls .	were some boys that this girl shall pick reaching the boy behind the girls ?
this girl who the boys have seen does know some animal that is calling some boys .	does this girl who the boys have seen know some animal that is calling some boys ?
those babies who have walked were visiting some boys behind some girl .	were those babies who have walked visiting some boys behind some girl ?
this animal who those animals have reached has picked the boys that the girl does find .	has this animal who those animals have reached picked the boys that the girl does find ?
this animal who the animals would reach is finding those horses .	is this animal who the animals would reach finding those horses ?
this baby that has talked was trying .	was this baby that has talked trying ?
some girl that those boys are watching shall visit those babies behind the animal .	shall some girl that those boys are watching visit those babies behind the animal ?
the person who has picked some babies was talking .	was the person who has picked some babies talking ?
those animals who shall help some boys would help those children behind those animals .	would those animals who shall help some boys help those children behind those animals ?
this boy that some baby shall find can read .	can this boy that some baby shall find read ?
the girl who those people can see is talking .	is the girl who those people can see talking ?
some children who do feed the person shall call some children by some babies .	shall some children who do feed the person call some children by some babies ?
this baby who did watch the people has reached some horses .	has this baby who did watch the people reached some horses ?
this animal that this horse has found does call those animals that this horse shall visit .	does this animal that this horse has found call those animals that this horse shall visit ?
this person who shall reach the people did fall .	did this person who shall reach the people fall ?
some horses who have picked some boys are falling .	are some horses who have picked some boys falling ?
some boys who did help the baby were reading .	were some boys who did help the baby reading ?
this boy that would draw is reaching the girl by this animal .	is this boy that would draw reaching the girl by this animal ?
the babies who have called some children did draw .	did the babies who have called some children draw ?
some baby who does fall did read .	did some baby who does fall read ?
some girl that the boy has picked did read .	did some girl that the boy has picked read ?
this horse who the girls can find is falling .	is this horse who the girls can find falling ?
some boys who some horse has found are falling .	are some boys who some horse has found falling ?
the people that have fallen were knowing those people .	were the people that have fallen knowing those people ?
this boy who would pick those boys was siting .	was this boy who would pick those boys siting ?
the person who the horses shall see would help some boys behind the horse .	would the person who the horses shall see help some boys behind the horse ?
this animal that would visit some children can reach those babies behind those babies .	can this animal that would visit some children reach those babies behind those babies ?
those babies that can play did work .	did those babies that can play work ?
this horse that was feeding some horse has called those horses behind the child .	has this horse that was feeding some horse called those horses behind the child ?
the boys that do try have found some children by some children .	have the boys that do try found some children by some children ?
the babies that can try were talking .	were the babies that can try talking ?
those horses that have tried were talking .	were those horses that have tried talking ?
this horse who has found some boys is knowing some people .	is this horse who has found some boys knowing some people ?
those girls who the baby has fed do play .	do those girls who the baby has fed play ?
the animal who would know some animal was playing .	was the animal who would know some animal playing ?
this boy who has played was reaching the child by some horses .	was this boy who has played reaching the child by some horses ?
this horse who was drawing has slept .	has this horse who was drawing slept ?
the girls who some boy can reach were seeing some animals by some boy .	were the girls who some boy can reach seeing some animals by some boy ?
some baby that some animals did know shall work .	shall some baby that some animals did know work ?
some animals who this animal has fed would draw .	would some animals who this animal has fed draw ?
some person who would watch the people shall find the babies by this baby .	shall some person who would watch the people find the babies by this baby ?
the child who some boys have called shall reach the person behind some girls .	shall the child who some boys have called reach the person behind some girls ?
the children that this horse was feeding were calling this girl by some babies .	were the children that this horse was feeding calling this girl by some babies ?
those animals who are knowing some baby shall help some babies behind the baby .	shall those animals who are knowing some baby help some babies behind the baby ?
the animals who are sleeping have sat .	have the animals who are sleeping sat ?
some child that can walk has read .	has some child that can walk read ?
some girls who have fed this animal did know some boys that have fallen .	did some girls who have fed this animal know some boys that have fallen ?
the animal who this child did find was sleeping .	was the animal who this child did find sleeping ?
the boy that some person shall know has known those horses by some animals .	has the boy that some person shall know known those horses by some animals ?
some boy who the boys would feed is talking .	is some boy who the boys would feed talking ?
some people who have picked those animals were knowing some boy .	were some people who have picked those animals knowing some boy ?
some person who some animal would pick was picking the animal by some babies .	was some person who some animal would pick picking the animal by some babies ?
the children that have known this boy do find this baby who would reach those people .	do the children that have known this boy find this baby who would reach those people ?
some boy that this girl can feed did feed this girl behind this horse .	did some boy that this girl can feed feed this girl behind this horse ?
this boy that some boys were calling has known some child .	has this boy that some boys were calling known some child ?
those animals that those boys have picked are working .	are those animals that those boys have picked working ?
some horses who those babies were watching are calling some person that can try .	are some horses who those babies were watching calling some person that can try ?
some girl who those girls have picked is knowing the horse behind some animal .	is some girl who those girls have picked knowing the horse behind some animal ?
some child that does try would feed some babies by the boys .	would some child that does try feed some babies by the boys ?
some baby that the children did call was picking the horse .	was some baby that the children did call picking the horse ?
those animals that did fall do call the horses by some person .	do those animals that did fall call the horses by some person ?
some boys who have called the person would see those girls behind this baby .	would some boys who have called the person see those girls behind this baby ?
some girls that are feeding those babies can help those children behind those people .	can some girls that are feeding those babies help those children behind those people ?
some boy who would know some baby has picked some horse by those girls .	has some boy who would know some baby picked some horse by those girls ?
some child who some people were watching shall draw .	shall some child who some people were watching draw ?
some baby that has reached this child is playing .	is some baby that has reached this child playing ?
those horses that have helped this animal shall reach those babies behind some babies .	shall those horses that have helped this animal reach those babies behind some babies ?
the babies that are feeding this person shall see this baby who the horse is feeding .	shall the babies that are feeding this person see this baby who the horse is feeding ?
some boys that do see the girls have seen some boys who some babies are visiting .	have some boys that do see the girls seen some boys who some babies are visiting ?
those girls who have known the animal would sit .	would those girls who have known the animal sit ?
some children that are picking the babies shall sit .	shall some children that are picking the babies sit ?
some animal that this boy can pick does try .	does some animal that this boy can pick try ?
some animal that does call some horse is knowing some boys by those girls .	is some animal that does call some horse knowing some boys by those girls ?
some animal that the baby shall pick is visiting those children .	is some animal that the baby shall pick visiting those children ?
those animals that the child does visit were trying .	were those animals that the child does visit trying ?
some animal who the boy shall reach has picked some horses by the people .	has some animal who the boy shall reach picked some horses by the people ?
those girls who were helping the boy have watched some babies by the girls .	have those girls who were helping the boy watched some babies by the girls ?
those boys that have visited this person are siting .	are those boys that have visited this person siting ?
the boys that the boy is watching are sleeping .	are the boys that the boy is watching sleeping ?
those babies who were playing have read .	have those babies who were playing read ?
the baby who did watch this girl can reach some children .	can the baby who did watch this girl reach some children ?
the horse that the animals were finding is watching some horses .	is the horse that the animals were finding watching some horses ?
this girl that the children were finding has picked this animal .	has this girl that the children were finding picked this animal ?
some boy that some girls have seen does play .	does some boy that some girls have seen play ?
the boy that was drawing can reach some girl .	can the boy that was drawing reach some girl ?
this person that the animal does reach has talked .	has this person that the animal does reach talked ?
some girl that was feeding those children is siting .	is some girl that was feeding those children siting ?
some boys who have talked can talk .	can some boys who have talked talk ?
some horse who can see some girl would try .	would some horse who can see some girl try ?
the babies that the child has seen were playing .	were the babies that the child has seen playing ?
the baby that those babies have seen was picking those people .	was the baby that those babies have seen picking those people ?
the animal who would walk shall reach some baby who was working .	shall the animal who would walk reach some baby who was working ?
some babies who were knowing those babies have tried .	have some babies who were knowing those babies tried ?
the horses who were reading did talk .	did the horses who were reading talk ?
this horse who has talked did read .	did this horse who has talked read ?
this person that is sleeping shall feed the baby who the child has watched .	shall this person that is sleeping feed the baby who the child has watched ?
some girl who is walking has worked .	has some girl who is walking worked ?
some children that were knowing some babies have drawn .	have some children that were knowing some babies drawn ?
those children who have sat do work .	do those children who have sat work ?
some boy who does fall has read .	has some boy who does fall read ?
the baby who has picked this girl can walk .	can the baby who has picked this girl walk ?
some boys that the boy did find do reach some animal .	do some boys that the boy did find reach some animal ?
some children that were working are drawing .	are some children that were working drawing ?
those people that did watch some boys shall watch some animal by those babies .	shall those people that did watch some boys watch some animal by those babies ?
some children that some girls were feeding do sit .	do some children that some girls were feeding sit ?
some children who some horse is visiting are walking .	are some children who some horse is visiting walking ?
those girls that would know those horses shall feed the babies .	shall those girls that would know those horses feed the babies ?
some people who were reading did talk .	did some people who were reading talk ?
this girl that can see the boy is walking .	is this girl that can see the boy walking ?
the child who would pick this horse shall sleep .	shall the child who would pick this horse sleep ?
some boy that some baby is knowing was reading .	was some boy that some baby is knowing reading ?
some babies that have known some horse shall try .	shall some babies that have known some horse try ?
the babies who have drawn did fall .	did the babies who have drawn fall ?
the child that the boys are finding did sleep .	did the child that the boys are finding sleep ?
those boys who those babies were helping do call the girls by the baby .	do those boys who those babies were helping call the girls by the baby ?
some girl who the person would find was feeding those animals that are visiting some children .	was some girl who the person would find feeding those animals that are visiting some children ?
the boy that does sit would visit this horse behind the boys .	would the boy that does sit visit this horse behind the boys ?
the animals who some animals do pick have worked .	have the animals who some animals do pick worked ?
those horses that were reaching those horses shall know this boy behind some baby .	shall those horses that were reaching those horses know this boy behind some baby ?
some animals that the person shall watch are playing .	are some animals that the person shall watch playing ?
some animals who this animal was watching are trying .	are some animals who this animal was watching trying ?
some child who the animal has fed is drawing .	is some child who the animal has fed drawing ?
some girls who some horse is finding have known some animal by this person .	have some girls who some horse is finding known some animal by this person ?
the boy that has helped this person can see the boys who this animal is watching .	can the boy that has helped this person see the boys who this animal is watching ?
some child who did play shall find the babies behind this boy .	shall some child who did play find the babies behind this boy ?
some babies that those girls have reached did know some girls by the girls .	did some babies that those girls have reached know some girls by the girls ?
some people that have fed some people would pick the baby by the person .	would some people that have fed some people pick the baby by the person ?
some baby who this person is reaching was falling .	was some baby who this person is reaching falling ?
some boy who some horses are finding does talk .	does some boy who some horses are finding talk ?
the animal that some children have seen is calling the baby that has fed some baby .	is the animal that some children have seen calling the baby that has fed some baby ?
some people that this horse was calling have slept .	have some people that this horse was calling slept ?
this boy who has played is feeding this child .	is this boy who has played feeding this child ?
this boy that does sit has walked .	has this boy that does sit walked ?
this person who has fed the child is reading .	is this person who has fed the child reading ?
some child who has visited the boys does feed some child by some babies .	does some child who has visited the boys feed some child by some babies ?
this horse who those boys shall visit has fed some boy that has reached this animal .	has this horse who those boys shall visit fed some boy that has reached this animal ?
this baby who those animals are knowing has reached this child by some girls .	has this baby who those animals are knowing reached this child by some girls ?
some boy that is playing did know those children who were feeding the animals .	did some boy that is playing know those children who were feeding the animals ?
some child that some person did visit is siting .	is some child that some person did visit siting ?
this horse that is knowing some child did find those animals .	did this horse that is knowing some child find those animals ?
those people who this baby was finding have called the boy who does read .	have those people who this baby was finding called the boy who does read ?
this animal that does call some baby is falling .	is this animal that does call some baby falling ?
this animal who was talking has sat .	has this animal who was talking sat ?
the babies who have visited the babies did see some person who was reading .	did the babies who have visited the babies see some person who was reading ?
some boy who is watching this animal has read .	has some boy who is watching this animal read ?
those boys that can sit are picking some boy that some horse has known .	are those boys that can sit picking some boy that some horse has known ?
the people that were visiting this boy are picking some horses that have visited some person .	are the people that were visiting this boy picking some horses that have visited some person ?
the girl that does watch this child would draw .	would the girl that does watch this child draw ?
this girl who the animal has reached was drawing .	was this girl who the animal has reached drawing ?
some children that did find the horse have fed some baby .	have some children that did find the horse fed some baby ?
some girl who the horse has known was picking those people behind the baby .	was some girl who the horse has known picking those people behind the baby ?
those babies that some babies are feeding do help the baby behind the girl .	do those babies that some babies are feeding help the baby behind the girl ?
those people that have slept are reading .	are those people that have slept reading ?
some animal that some horses were reaching was helping some girls who those boys were picking .	was some animal that some horses were reaching helping some girls who those boys were picking ?
some baby that did reach some animals is knowing those children behind this boy .	is some baby that did reach some animals knowing those children behind this boy ?
those horses who the babies do find are siting .	are those horses who the babies do find siting ?
some girls that have played were talking .	were some girls that have played talking ?
the animal that has fed the horse does know some boy .	does the animal that has fed the horse know some boy ?
some boy who was knowing those babies is trying .	is some boy who was knowing those babies trying ?
those people that the animal would see have known those children that shall call some animal .	have those people that the animal would see known those children that shall call some animal ?
the person that this animal has reached is knowing some animals behind the girls .	is the person that this animal has reached knowing some animals behind the girls ?
some girl who did know some babies has seen those people behind the horses .	has some girl who did know some babies seen those people behind the horses ?
those girls who have found the baby shall reach some person by the people .	shall those girls who have found the baby reach some person by the people ?
some child who has tried was playing .	was some child who has tried playing ?
some animals who were drawing shall help this baby by this person .	shall some animals who were drawing help this baby by this person ?
the babies that are finding some horses do watch those animals that shall reach those horses .	do the babies that are finding some horses watch those animals that shall reach those horses ?
the girl who has played was talking .	was the girl who has played talking ?
some horses who have played were calling those horses behind this girl .	were some horses who have played calling those horses behind this girl ?
some boys that were calling the girl would draw .	would some boys that were calling the girl draw ?
those babies who did sit have fallen .	have those babies who did sit fallen ?
some boys who were picking some boy shall know some boy by some boy .	shall some boys who were picking some boy know some boy by some boy ?
the animal who has helped the animal can try .	can the animal who has helped the animal try ?
some animals that were picking this animal have picked some person .	have some animals that were picking this animal picked some person ?
the child that some baby has visited is feeding this horse behind those horses .	is the child that some baby has visited feeding this horse behind those horses ?
those horses who those animals are picking can visit those babies behind some people .	can those horses who those animals are picking visit those babies behind some people ?
this animal that was watching those boys has watched the girl .	has this animal that was watching those boys watched the girl ?
those people that have walked can sit .	can those people that have walked sit ?
this baby who some babies have visited does see those people who the people have helped .	does this baby who some babies have visited see those people who the people have helped ?
the baby who is feeding some baby has talked .	has the baby who is feeding some baby talked ?
this baby that the children have known does know the animals who the babies shall visit .	does this baby that the children have known know the animals who the babies shall visit ?
those boys that those girls are helping can visit some boy behind some baby .	can those boys that those girls are helping visit some boy behind some baby ?
some horses who did call the baby are siting .	are some horses who did call the baby siting ?
this person who does feed some animal shall know the boy who some boy can call .	shall this person who does feed some animal know the boy who some boy can call ?
some child who those horses have found has talked .	has some child who those horses have found talked ?
some boys that the animal was feeding have visited this person .	have some boys that the animal was feeding visited this person ?
the children who have walked do pick those people .	do the children who have walked pick those people ?
this animal who those children are picking can sleep .	can this animal who those children are picking sleep ?
the boys who the children are finding would call the horses .	would the boys who the children are finding call the horses ?
the baby that did visit this animal was talking .	was the baby that did visit this animal talking ?
the people who the girls did find shall feed this person .	shall the people who the girls did find feed this person ?
some girl that this baby has found does fall .	does some girl that this baby has found fall ?
some animal who is visiting this child does find the horses that can help this child .	does some animal who is visiting this child find the horses that can help this child ?
those children who did reach some boys have drawn .	have those children who did reach some boys drawn ?
the boys that some child has watched can feed those animals .	can the boys that some child has watched feed those animals ?
the girls who were picking some child do call some baby by this baby .	do the girls who were picking some child call some baby by this baby ?
this boy that this girl is feeding does sit .	does this boy that this girl is feeding sit ?
this person who does pick some boys is falling .	is this person who does pick some boys falling ?
the girls who some children are feeding would draw .	would the girls who some children are feeding draw ?
the animal who has called those babies is watching some boys behind the girls .	is the animal who has called those babies watching some boys behind the girls ?
some girls who the person is knowing shall sleep .	shall some girls who the person is knowing sleep ?
those babies that some boys are finding would work .	would those babies that some boys are finding work ?
some horses that are sleeping did work .	did some horses that are sleeping work ?
this horse that has talked was calling this horse .	was this horse that has talked calling this horse ?
some child that has picked some boy is visiting this child behind those boys .	is some child that has picked some boy visiting this child behind those boys ?
the people that are picking some baby have worked .	have the people that are picking some baby worked ?
those people who some animal has watched have slept .	have those people who some animal has watched slept ?
the person who is siting can fall .	can the person who is siting fall ?
the boys that the children were watching do fall .	do the boys that the children were watching fall ?
the person that shall call the babies was watching some horses .	was the person that shall call the babies watching some horses ?
some horses that did pick those children would help the girls .	would some horses that did pick those children help the girls ?
some boy who some child was seeing shall draw .	shall some boy who some child was seeing draw ?
some horses that this baby did find are talking .	are some horses that this baby did find talking ?
some people who were calling those boys have drawn .	have some people who were calling those boys drawn ?
those babies that do feed this boy have played .	have those babies that do feed this boy played ?
this animal that has called the children was sleeping .	was this animal that has called the children sleeping ?
some person that those children do visit was talking .	was some person that those children do visit talking ?
the people that were visiting some animal shall talk .	shall the people that were visiting some animal talk ?
the boy who has tried is picking those boys .	is the boy who has tried picking those boys ?
the horse who is picking some girl has found the animal .	has the horse who is picking some girl found the animal ?
the boys that those children have seen would walk .	would the boys that those children have seen walk ?
some person that was picking the babies does talk .	does some person that was picking the babies talk ?
some baby who has fed the animals does sit .	does some baby who has fed the animals sit ?
some girls that are reaching the people have seen the baby by those animals .	have some girls that are reaching the people seen the baby by those animals ?
this child that would reach the child is siting .	is this child that would reach the child siting ?
some children that this animal shall pick were trying .	were some children that this animal shall pick trying ?
some babies who the child has watched have read .	have some babies who the child has watched read ?
some person who those girls have called is reaching the babies that some people do find .	is some person who those girls have called reaching the babies that some people do find ?
the people that were playing have seen some animals who are reaching those animals .	have the people that were playing seen some animals who are reaching those animals ?
some boys that those children shall help were knowing this child who is picking some animals .	were some boys that those children shall help knowing this child who is picking some animals ?
the animal that some baby shall pick has talked .	has the animal that some baby shall pick talked ?
some horse that has known the people is reading .	is some horse that has known the people reading ?
some animal that has drawn was drawing .	was some animal that has drawn drawing ?
this boy who has picked some children was talking .	was this boy who has picked some children talking ?
some girl that did see some girl has visited this baby by some animals .	has some girl that did see some girl visited this baby by some animals ?
the children that have fed the person did sleep .	did the children that have fed the person sleep ?
some girl that some girl does find has reached the person behind the horses .	has some girl that some girl does find reached the person behind the horses ?
this boy who did work has fallen .	has this boy who did work fallen ?
those girls who some animal shall find have read .	have those girls who some animal shall find read ?
this boy who has helped this horse shall find those boys behind those girls .	shall this boy who has helped this horse find those boys behind those girls ?
this baby that is visiting the girl was walking .	was this baby that is visiting the girl walking ?
the child who the animal would visit was knowing this girl behind the animals .	was the child who the animal would visit knowing this girl behind the animals ?
the person who the child has seen was drawing .	was the person who the child has seen drawing ?
some girls that did pick the boy can feed the animal who is watching the animal .	can some girls that did pick the boy feed the animal who is watching the animal ?
the boys who the girl has found were falling .	were the boys who the girl has found falling ?
those animals that did feed some animal have tried .	have those animals that did feed some animal tried ?
the baby that the people shall reach would draw .	would the baby that the people shall reach draw ?
the person who is knowing those babies was falling .	was the person who is knowing those babies falling ?
those animals that have fallen were visiting the boy who was drawing .	were those animals that have fallen visiting the boy who was drawing ?
the child who has seen some girls is trying .	is the child who has seen some girls trying ?
the child that can walk was helping the horses by the children .	was the child that can walk helping the horses by the children ?
the person who those horses have seen shall read .	shall the person who those horses have seen read ?
the boy that some boy would know did talk .	did the boy that some boy would know talk ?
the babies that those boys were picking have worked .	have the babies that those boys were picking worked ?
the girls who the person is calling can help this person behind this girl .	can the girls who the person is calling help this person behind this girl ?
this boy who does find the boy has reached the children by the person .	has this boy who does find the boy reached the children by the person ?
those children who have called the horses shall talk .	shall those children who have called the horses talk ?
the boy who did see the girls does watch some babies by the baby .	does the boy who did see the girls watch some babies by the baby ?
some animals that this girl has seen are sleeping .	are some animals that this girl has seen sleeping ?
the boy that is knowing some horses has worked .	has the boy that is knowing some horses worked ?
the horse who some boys have helped did fall .	did the horse who some boys have helped fall ?
the babies who some child has watched shall feed some children who would pick this animal .	shall the babies who some child has watched feed some children who would pick this animal ?
some animals that shall help some animals were finding the horses who would sleep .	were some animals that shall help some animals finding the horses who would sleep ?
some horse who was drawing has seen this animal behind some animals .	has some horse who was drawing seen this animal behind some animals ?
the girls who this animal has called have found those children by some boy .	have the girls who this animal has called found those children by some boy ?
those girls that would feed some girls can reach some baby by the child .	can those girls that would feed some girls reach some baby by the child ?
some horse that some boy was calling is helping some animal who those people were calling .	is some horse that some boy was calling helping some animal who those people were calling ?
some baby that the girls were knowing has watched those people behind some horses .	has some baby that the girls were knowing watched those people behind some horses ?
some horse that does feed this animal is reading .	is some horse that does feed this animal reading ?
the boy that those boys did visit is siting .	is the boy that those boys did visit siting ?
the baby who some person was seeing shall see some child .	shall the baby who some person was seeing see some child ?
the person that has picked the girl can reach those girls behind the baby .	can the person that has picked the girl reach those girls behind the baby ?
the girl that some boys can watch has helped the animals .	has the girl that some boys can watch helped the animals ?
some horse that some babies do visit did read .	did some horse that some babies do visit read ?
the boy that has drawn did know the person that is helping the child .	did the boy that has drawn know the person that is helping the child ?
some animals that some people do find can work .	can some animals that some people do find work ?
those babies who those babies did see have fed the boys by the boys .	have those babies who those babies did see fed the boys by the boys ?
some babies who some child is calling did fall .	did some babies who some child is calling fall ?
some baby that can walk has played .	has some baby that can walk played ?
the horse who some child was calling has talked .	has the horse who some child was calling talked ?
this animal that is calling the horse was calling the horses .	was this animal that is calling the horse calling the horses ?
some boy who shall sit was falling .	was some boy who shall sit falling ?
some horse who the children are feeding was walking .	was some horse who the children are feeding walking ?
those animals who the people have fed do call the girls by some baby .	do those animals who the people have fed call the girls by some baby ?
the babies that did know the baby were sleeping .	were the babies that did know the baby sleeping ?
this baby who has known the babies would find the people .	would this baby who has known the babies find the people ?
this child that has worked was walking .	was this child that has worked walking ?
the boys who are seeing the animal would walk .	would the boys who are seeing the animal walk ?
those animals who were seeing some girl did watch this child who is reading .	did those animals who were seeing some girl watch this child who is reading ?
some children who this baby is finding are seeing the girl behind those animals .	are some children who this baby is finding seeing the girl behind those animals ?
some horses that those animals are reaching can know the person behind those girls .	can some horses that those animals are reaching know the person behind those girls ?
some boy who would find some animal has called this baby that some girls have called .	has some boy who would find some animal called this baby that some girls have called ?
those horses who the person did feed can walk .	can those horses who the person did feed walk ?
the children who did feed those animals have called the animals .	have the children who did feed those animals called the animals ?
those babies that shall visit some child have reached the children behind the girl .	have those babies that shall visit some child reached the children behind the girl ?
the girl that has fed this person was seeing those girls behind some child .	was the girl that has fed this person seeing those girls behind some child ?
some boy who was reaching some boys is knowing this animal .	is some boy who was reaching some boys knowing this animal ?
some girls who those animals were watching have played .	have some girls who those animals were watching played ?
those animals who were trying have reached this girl by the animal .	have those animals who were trying reached this girl by the animal ?
those animals that the girls are feeding have tried .	have those animals that the girls are feeding tried ?
those girls who have watched some horses were knowing the boy behind this horse .	were those girls who have watched some horses knowing the boy behind this horse ?
some babies that have slept are reading .	are some babies that have slept reading ?
this horse who was calling those girls has talked .	has this horse who was calling those girls talked ?
some animals that shall sleep are siting .	are some animals that shall sleep siting ?
some horses who some boys have helped did try .	did some horses who some boys have helped try ?
some girl who is calling some children does read .	does some girl who is calling some children read ?
those horses who do sit did try .	did those horses who do sit try ?
those horses who some horse shall pick do reach the babies that would call those babies .	do those horses who some horse shall pick reach the babies that would call those babies ?
this boy that can play shall help those babies that some baby has reached .	shall this boy that can play help those babies that some baby has reached ?
this person who those children can watch has known those children by those children .	has this person who those children can watch known those children by those children ?
some baby that was working shall find this girl by this boy .	shall some baby that was working find this girl by this boy ?
this child that the person has found shall reach the horses by some animal .	shall this child that the person has found reach the horses by some animal ?
the animals that those boys were feeding did walk .	did the animals that those boys were feeding walk ?
this animal that those girls have known would visit the person .	would this animal that those girls have known visit the person ?
this girl who some girls shall know has played .	has this girl who some girls shall know played ?
those children that have picked the horse were trying .	were those children that have picked the horse trying ?
the children that have sat do find this baby by some animals .	do the children that have sat find this baby by some animals ?
some horse that some person did feed would fall .	would some horse that some person did feed fall ?
the people who have fed the girl do fall .	do the people who have fed the girl fall ?
some people that some animals have picked did work .	did some people that some animals have picked work ?
the horses that some people do know can visit the person behind this child .	can the horses that some people do know visit the person behind this child ?
some girl who would try is talking .	is some girl who would try talking ?
the horse that is falling can call some girl by this child .	can the horse that is falling call some girl by this child ?
some baby who those babies have watched is trying .	is some baby who those babies have watched trying ?
the girls who have drawn are playing .	are the girls who have drawn playing ?
this child who was finding some boy is siting .	is this child who was finding some boy siting ?
some baby who shall see this boy has fed those babies by some person .	has some baby who shall see this boy fed those babies by some person ?
this girl that has slept is falling .	is this girl that has slept falling ?
those people who shall reach some animals have reached this baby behind the child .	have those people who shall reach some animals reached this baby behind the child ?
those children that are calling some boy have tried .	have those children that are calling some boy tried ?
the people that can work have called the girls by those people .	have the people that can work called the girls by those people ?
some child who this person has called does call some girl behind those girls .	does some child who this person has called call some girl behind those girls ?
those people who are finding the girl would pick the children who were reaching the animals .	would those people who are finding the girl pick the children who were reaching the animals ?
this baby that would know some babies can call this baby who would feed the animals .	can this baby that would know some babies call this baby who would feed the animals ?
some animals that have visited some animal were picking this girl who some boys are feeding .	were some animals that have visited some animal picking this girl who some boys are feeding ?
those animals who would call the horses have played .	have those animals who would call the horses played ?
this horse that can find this child does pick the child who is talking .	does this horse that can find this child pick the child who is talking ?
the horse who does know the people can talk .	can the horse who does know the people talk ?
those boys that those children are picking would pick the horse by those girls .	would those boys that those children are picking pick the horse by those girls ?
the girl that has found those horses would know some animals that were watching the horse .	would the girl that has found those horses know some animals that were watching the horse ?
the boy who did watch the horses is reading .	is the boy who did watch the horses reading ?
the people that shall help some animal do draw .	do the people that shall help some animal draw ?
some person that would walk does watch this girl that has visited the people .	does some person that would walk watch this girl that has visited the people ?
the animal that this child has watched shall sit .	shall the animal that this child has watched sit ?
the animals that shall try can watch the babies .	can the animals that shall try watch the babies ?
this animal that did talk has fed some baby by some animal .	has this animal that did talk fed some baby by some animal ?
some person that some animals have reached has called some babies behind those horses .	has some person that some animals have reached called some babies behind those horses ?
some boy that was picking this child has found some child by this child .	has some boy that was picking this child found some child by this child ?
those people that would call this animal are playing .	are those people that would call this animal playing ?
this girl who this girl would see has fallen .	has this girl who this girl would see fallen ?
the boy that has seen those children was feeding those animals by some boys .	was the boy that has seen those children feeding those animals by some boys ?
those boys who this horse is knowing were sleeping .	were those boys who this horse is knowing sleeping ?
some horses who the horses would help shall work .	shall some horses who the horses would help work ?
the children that those babies have picked are helping the babies .	are the children that those babies have picked helping the babies ?
some person that was seeing some boys has known some child by some boys .	has some person that was seeing some boys known some child by some boys ?
some boy who some people can find is calling those babies .	is some boy who some people can find calling those babies ?
the girl that the children are helping was falling .	was the girl that the children are helping falling ?
some children that some horse has known have played .	have some children that some horse has known played ?
the girls that some horse has fed have walked .	have the girls that some horse has fed walked ?
the animals who those children do find have called some children behind those babies .	have the animals who those children do find called some children behind those babies ?
some animals who have read were picking some baby that was walking .	were some animals who have read picking some baby that was walking ?
the girls who are helping some person do reach this animal behind the people .	do the girls who are helping some person reach this animal behind the people ?
this child that those people have seen was falling .	was this child that those people have seen falling ?
some horse that was knowing those boys has drawn .	has some horse that was knowing those boys drawn ?
the horses who some boy has picked are reaching some boys .	are the horses who some boy has picked reaching some boys ?
this person who does see this horse has called the girl who does talk .	has this person who does see this horse called the girl who does talk ?
some girls that were reading can walk .	can some girls that were reading walk ?
this child who did play does try .	does this child who did play try ?
this person that this child has picked was reaching some child who the people do find .	was this person that this child has picked reaching some child who the people do find ?
the girl that has drawn is feeding some baby .	is the girl that has drawn feeding some baby ?
the horse that would pick the babies has reached those animals .	has the horse that would pick the babies reached those animals ?
some baby who those horses are finding would call this girl behind those babies .	would some baby who those horses are finding call this girl behind those babies ?
the animal that those horses are knowing can call this person behind the horses .	can the animal that those horses are knowing call this person behind the horses ?
the children that the child has watched would talk .	would the children that the child has watched talk ?
some horses who this child can feed were drawing .	were some horses who this child can feed drawing ?
some baby that can feed some animal has known those people who are drawing .	has some baby that can feed some animal known those people who are drawing ?
some children who this girl has visited are seeing some people by the horse .	are some children who this girl has visited seeing some people by the horse ?
this boy who has picked this baby shall feed the girl by the boy .	shall this boy who has picked this baby feed the girl by the boy ?
the horses who do fall have played .	have the horses who do fall played ?
this animal who shall visit the child has seen this girl by the animal .	has this animal who shall visit the child seen this girl by the animal ?
those animals that some animal was visiting were feeding those people behind the boys .	were those animals that some animal was visiting feeding those people behind the boys ?
the animals who would know some children did feed the boys .	did the animals who would know some children feed the boys ?
the person who is picking some horse has found the children behind the person .	has the person who is picking some horse found the children behind the person ?
this animal who the people can watch shall pick this child who the horse does see .	shall this animal who the people can watch pick this child who the horse does see ?
some baby that was knowing some girl has read .	has some baby that was knowing some girl read ?
the girls that the babies are finding do pick the animal who some baby can watch .	do the girls that the babies are finding pick the animal who some baby can watch ?
this person that shall watch the person has drawn .	has this person that shall watch the person drawn ?
the horses that did draw are helping some boys behind this boy .	are the horses that did draw helping some boys behind this boy ?
some people who some people were knowing have watched the boy behind some animal .	have some people who some people were knowing watched the boy behind some animal ?
the people who are visiting some boy were sleeping .	were the people who are visiting some boy sleeping ?
some animals that were picking the people have slept .	have some animals that were picking the people slept ?
some animal that the girl did pick has sat .	has some animal that the girl did pick sat ?
those animals who do read were drawing .	were those animals who do read drawing ?
some babies that have helped the boys are finding those boys behind this animal .	are some babies that have helped the boys finding those boys behind this animal ?
the babies who the person is helping have walked .	have the babies who the person is helping walked ?
the girls who are finding the horses can reach some child by some horses .	can the girls who are finding the horses reach some child by some horses ?
the child that would talk is trying .	is the child that would talk trying ?
the child that the baby has seen is picking the child .	is the child that the baby has seen picking the child ?
the boy who the girls have visited is working .	is the boy who the girls have visited working ?
the baby that the girls were finding was working .	was the baby that the girls were finding working ?
the horse who did try does draw .	does the horse who did try draw ?
those girls who would watch some horses have tried .	have those girls who would watch some horses tried ?
this horse that has found some people shall see those girls .	shall this horse that has found some people see those girls ?
those children who have helped those horses were trying .	were those children who have helped those horses trying ?
some girl who the babies were calling can pick those babies .	can some girl who the babies were calling pick those babies ?
those girls that those boys shall see have helped some baby behind some horses .	have those girls that those boys shall see helped some baby behind some horses ?
the animals that the boys were watching can draw .	can the animals that the boys were watching draw ?
this horse who is watching this baby has worked .	has this horse who is watching this baby worked ?
this animal that would fall has read .	has this animal that would fall read ?
this boy who the girl has fed did find this child who some girls have reached .	did this boy who the girl has fed find this child who some girls have reached ?
some baby that can pick the baby was sleeping .	was some baby that can pick the baby sleeping ?
some person that some person shall visit has drawn .	has some person that some person shall visit drawn ?
the animal that does work did see those children that did find the children .	did the animal that does work see those children that did find the children ?
the boy that has known those girls was siting .	was the boy that has known those girls siting ?
some child that some horses did watch was picking the boys that can work .	was some child that some horses did watch picking the boys that can work ?
this baby that is playing did sleep .	did this baby that is playing sleep ?
those children who were knowing the horses do play .	do those children who were knowing the horses play ?
those girls who were feeding the animal do read .	do those girls who were feeding the animal read ?
some child who has reached those animals would see the children .	would some child who has reached those animals see the children ?
those boys who some horse shall find have tried .	have those boys who some horse shall find tried ?
the person who has picked those girls can talk .	can the person who has picked those girls talk ?
those people who do know the boys were knowing some girls behind some baby .	were those people who do know the boys knowing some girls behind some baby ?
this boy that is siting would visit some boys .	would this boy that is siting visit some boys ?
some horse who is drawing has watched the person behind some person .	has some horse who is drawing watched the person behind some person ?
some horses who those children do pick would know the boy behind some children .	would some horses who those children do pick know the boy behind some children ?
the animals who do reach some girls were working .	were the animals who do reach some girls working ?
some horses who the babies did feed have picked the horse .	have some horses who the babies did feed picked the horse ?
those animals that have watched some animals did draw .	did those animals that have watched some animals draw ?
some animal who some girl is picking would fall .	would some animal who some girl is picking fall ?
this boy who is feeding this boy was sleeping .	was this boy who is feeding this boy sleeping ?
those children who the horses have known were reaching this girl .	were those children who the horses have known reaching this girl ?
this person that the baby does watch has seen those horses by this girl .	has this person that the baby does watch seen those horses by this girl ?
some animals who were visiting some horses did try .	did some animals who were visiting some horses try ?
some boy who this girl did call is reaching some horses by this boy .	is some boy who this girl did call reaching some horses by this boy ?
some child that does call the girl can sleep .	can some child that does call the girl sleep ?
this animal who this girl is visiting was feeding those animals .	was this animal who this girl is visiting feeding those animals ?
the animal that this person was calling can talk .	can the animal that this person was calling talk ?
this child that shall sleep was watching some boy behind some boy .	was this child that shall sleep watching some boy behind some boy ?
the person that is picking this horse was sleeping .	was the person that is picking this horse sleeping ?
some people who the child would reach have drawn .	have some people who the child would reach drawn ?
some person that did read is sleeping .	is some person that did read sleeping ?
this animal who those people are seeing is watching those boys behind those babies .	is this animal who those people are seeing watching those boys behind those babies ?
the boys that are finding some girl have drawn .	have the boys that are finding some girl drawn ?
the horses that some horse was visiting do try .	do the horses that some horse was visiting try ?
the horse who has tried does play .	does the horse who has tried play ?
some boys that do watch some horse have played .	have some boys that do watch some horse played ?
some horse that is playing was sleeping .	was some horse that is playing sleeping ?
the children who have sat were working .	were the children who have sat working ?
the boy who was trying does draw .	does the boy who was trying draw ?
some animals that were picking the animal are sleeping .	are some animals that were picking the animal sleeping ?
some baby that shall know some girl would fall .	would some baby that shall know some girl fall ?
some horse who was feeding this animal is seeing some people behind those animals .	is some horse who was feeding this animal seeing some people behind those animals ?
this person who has helped the animal does sleep .	does this person who has helped the animal sleep ?
those babies who would sit were finding this horse by this boy .	were those babies who would sit finding this horse by this boy ?
those children that the baby shall call have walked .	have those children that the baby shall call walked ?
the boys that have found some girls would work .	would the boys that have found some girls work ?
the animals who have watched this girl did pick this boy who has fed some child .	did the animals who have watched this girl pick this boy who has fed some child ?
the child that some baby would watch shall help the person .	shall the child that some baby would watch help the person ?
this girl who some people are visiting does watch some children behind some people .	does this girl who some people are visiting watch some children behind some people ?
the girl who this child shall see has seen those people behind the child .	has the girl who this child shall see seen those people behind the child ?
this person who the boy has reached was sleeping .	was this person who the boy has reached sleeping ?
the animal who this girl shall feed was reading .	was the animal who this girl shall feed reading ?
the animal that was helping this baby has fed those babies behind this baby .	has the animal that was helping this baby fed those babies behind this baby ?
the animals that are seeing some person would fall .	would the animals that are seeing some person fall ?
the boy who is watching this horse would help those girls behind this person .	would the boy who is watching this horse help those girls behind this person ?
some girl who is helping some horses has called the baby behind some person .	has some girl who is helping some horses called the baby behind some person ?
those boys who can reach the babies would pick the horse by the animals .	would those boys who can reach the babies pick the horse by the animals ?
some girls who are helping some horses have picked some babies behind this boy .	have some girls who are helping some horses picked some babies behind this boy ?
some boys who have seen this child were falling .	were some boys who have seen this child falling ?
some animals who have walked shall play .	shall some animals who have walked play ?
some boys who are reading do find some children by some horses .	do some boys who are reading find some children by some horses ?
some children that some children were picking have seen some horse behind those girls .	have some children that some children were picking seen some horse behind those girls ?
the boys who some boys can pick have reached the babies .	have the boys who some boys can pick reached the babies ?
this baby who some baby is knowing has fallen .	has this baby who some baby is knowing fallen ?
some girls who are working have drawn .	have some girls who are working drawn ?
those animals who were reaching the boy can help the boy .	can those animals who were reaching the boy help the boy ?
some child who some baby was helping has walked .	has some child who some baby was helping walked ?
some baby who has fallen is reaching some people who were picking the horse .	is some baby who has fallen reaching some people who were picking the horse ?
this child that this animal is finding does know the animal behind this baby .	does this child that this animal is finding know the animal behind this baby ?
some person who shall know this child was talking .	was some person who shall know this child talking ?
some person who some animals are visiting was feeding some girl .	was some person who some animals are visiting feeding some girl ?
those animals that have known some girl were drawing .	were those animals that have known some girl drawing ?
the people that are feeding the girl do visit those boys by this animal .	do the people that are feeding the girl visit those boys by this animal ?
some children that the child was knowing are walking .	are some children that the child was knowing walking ?
those children who those boys are seeing were talking .	were those children who those boys are seeing talking ?
the animal who did call those horses has helped those horses by some girl .	has the animal who did call those horses helped those horses by some girl ?
some boys that have walked were sleeping .	were some boys that have walked sleeping ?
the people who the babies have found are falling .	are the people who the babies have found falling ?
the child who has reached the children can try .	can the child who has reached the children try ?
this child that those children did watch shall see those boys by the boys .	shall this child that those children did watch see those boys by the boys ?
some horse who the boy was feeding has sat .	has some horse who the boy was feeding sat ?
those babies who did find this boy have picked those horses behind the animal .	have those babies who did find this boy picked those horses behind the animal ?
some animal that is helping those boys was reaching some horse .	was some animal that is helping those boys reaching some horse ?
the babies that have read are visiting some baby behind some baby .	are the babies that have read visiting some baby behind some baby ?
some horse that some girl has seen was falling .	was some horse that some girl has seen falling ?
the people that would call some child can sit .	can the people that would call some child sit ?
some people that are knowing those animals can play .	can some people that are knowing those animals play ?
this boy who was playing can find some child behind some girl .	can this boy who was playing find some child behind some girl ?
some people who have picked the baby can fall .	can some people who have picked the baby fall ?
those children who are finding those children were visiting some animal .	were those children who are finding those children visiting some animal ?
those babies who were feeding some horses have talked .	have those babies who were feeding some horses talked ?
some babies that shall reach the animals have worked .	have some babies that shall reach the animals worked ?
some children who have talked did play .	did some children who have talked play ?
some people that the horse was finding are walking .	are some people that the horse was finding walking ?
the girl that the girls have picked was working .	was the girl that the girls have picked working ?
those boys who those babies have known are finding those babies .	are those boys who those babies have known finding those babies ?
those people that have fallen shall sit .	shall those people that have fallen sit ?
some animal who can read would know the children behind the children .	would some animal who can read know the children behind the children ?
the boy who did know some children has called the people .	has the boy who did know some children called the people ?
some person that those children have known has walked .	has some person that those children have known walked ?
the boy who was watching this baby has seen this baby who can watch the horses .	has the boy who was watching this baby seen this baby who can watch the horses ?
those animals who are knowing this boy were finding those babies by some boy .	were those animals who are knowing this boy finding those babies by some boy ?
the people who some animal has picked are helping the babies that are feeding the person .	are the people who some animal has picked helping the babies that are feeding the person ?
some person that this person has found is picking some boy by some girls .	is some person that this person has found picking some boy by some girls ?
the child that was calling some horse does reach the girls who can know those horses .	does the child that was calling some horse reach the girls who can know those horses ?
the person that did find this baby can sleep .	can the person that did find this baby sleep ?
some person who is talking can work .	can some person who is talking work ?
some person that has drawn would sleep .	would some person that has drawn sleep ?
this boy who some animals have reached has fed the animal behind the girls .	has this boy who some animals have reached fed the animal behind the girls ?
some girls that are siting have reached the child .	have some girls that are siting reached the child ?
some baby who has fed those babies was trying .	was some baby who has fed those babies trying ?
some children who were knowing some animal have slept .	have some children who were knowing some animal slept ?
the girl who those animals are seeing did draw .	did the girl who those animals are seeing draw ?
the horses that did watch those children have seen the child behind those boys .	have the horses that did watch those children seen the child behind those boys ?
the horse who has played does visit some animals by the child .	does the horse who has played visit some animals by the child ?
this boy that some boys are feeding has sat .	has this boy that some boys are feeding sat ?
this baby who some babies were visiting was visiting some boys behind some horse .	was this baby who some babies were visiting visiting some boys behind some horse ?
the animal who can watch those children was sleeping .	was the animal who can watch those children sleeping ?
those children that shall feed the child were watching the people .	were those children that shall feed the child watching the people ?
the baby who those children have visited did watch some horse that was reaching this person .	did the baby who those children have visited watch some horse that was reaching this person ?
the boy that did pick those people does walk .	does the boy that did pick those people walk ?
this child that those people were seeing is knowing the babies that this person was finding .	is this child that those people were seeing knowing the babies that this person was finding ?
those babies who did walk would fall .	would those babies who did walk fall ?
some horses who some animals are feeding can draw .	can some horses who some animals are feeding draw ?
those girls who were watching this child have talked .	have those girls who were watching this child talked ?
those animals that are knowing those boys have read .	have those animals that are knowing those boys read ?
some boy who has read did sit .	did some boy who has read sit ?
this child that some person is reaching has slept .	has this child that some person is reaching slept ?
some baby who is siting was seeing those animals behind some girl .	was some baby who is siting seeing those animals behind some girl ?
some child that the boys are reaching is seeing this girl .	is some child that the boys are reaching seeing this girl ?
those animals that those boys did visit have called the babies behind those boys .	have those animals that those boys did visit called the babies behind those boys ?
some boys who were calling the boys shall draw .	shall some boys who were calling the boys draw ?
this horse who those people would help is siting .	is this horse who those people would help siting ?
this baby who is calling the girl was reaching this boy who was watching some boy .	was this baby who is calling the girl reaching this boy who was watching some boy ?
those horses who would visit some animal have visited those people by the horses .	have those horses who would visit some animal visited those people by the horses ?
some people who some people were helping are helping some child who does read .	are some people who some people were helping helping some child who does read ?
some boys who were visiting those children are drawing .	are some boys who were visiting those children drawing ?
some children that did visit the horses can call the child .	can some children that did visit the horses call the child ?
this child that did help some babies has sat .	has this child that did help some babies sat ?
some girls that the boy does know are sleeping .	are some girls that the boy does know sleeping ?
some child who has seen the girl did talk .	did some child who has seen the girl talk ?
some girls that those people can visit are seeing those animals by the animals .	are some girls that those people can visit seeing those animals by the animals ?
the animals that this horse was seeing are calling this girl .	are the animals that this horse was seeing calling this girl ?
those horses that did fall have fed the animal behind this animal .	have those horses that did fall fed the animal behind this animal ?
those animals who some baby has reached did sleep .	did those animals who some baby has reached sleep ?
the baby who the animal is visiting did sleep .	did the baby who the animal is visiting sleep ?
those girls that the person has reached have fallen .	have those girls that the person has reached fallen ?
those boys who some animals have helped do call some animal that was siting .	do those boys who some animals have helped call some animal that was siting ?
the children who have found this girl did sit .	did the children who have found this girl sit ?
this girl who can feed those horses does draw .	does this girl who can feed those horses draw ?
some animal who is helping the horses has read .	has some animal who is helping the horses read ?
the baby who the boys would see has fed the people by the boys .	has the baby who the boys would see fed the people by the boys ?
some horse that has watched some child is siting .	is some horse that has watched some child siting ?
those horses who those people have seen can work .	can those horses who those people have seen work ?
some horse that the baby is knowing has sat .	has some horse that the baby is knowing sat ?
some child that did find some boys is walking .	is some child that did find some boys walking ?
the baby who has helped those people was sleeping .	was the baby who has helped those people sleeping ?
this boy that has picked some boy shall feed this person by those people .	shall this boy that has picked some boy feed this person by those people ?
those animals that this person is seeing have watched some boy behind this person .	have those animals that this person is seeing watched some boy behind this person ?
those children that have tried would work .	would those children that have tried work ?
this boy who those girls would pick has seen this boy that some boys are seeing .	has this boy who those girls would pick seen this boy that some boys are seeing ?
the girl who is visiting some boy does feed the child .	does the girl who is visiting some boy feed the child ?
the girls that the boys do watch would sleep .	would the girls that the boys do watch sleep ?
this horse who some baby shall reach would walk .	would this horse who some baby shall reach walk ?
this baby who this animal did feed can sit .	can this baby who this animal did feed sit ?
some girls that the children have seen would help some person by some boys .	would some girls that the children have seen help some person by some boys ?
some girl who is talking has picked some animal by the people .	has some girl who is talking picked some animal by the people ?
some babies who those animals are finding would talk .	would some babies who those animals are finding talk ?
some girl who has tried does call the person by the babies .	does some girl who has tried call the person by the babies ?
those babies who this baby has reached are reaching some girl behind the baby .	are those babies who this baby has reached reaching some girl behind the baby ?
some children who have seen the person are drawing .	are some children who have seen the person drawing ?
some boys that have walked did try .	did some boys that have walked try ?
some child who the person shall watch has talked .	has some child who the person shall watch talked ?
those horses who do sleep have fallen .	have those horses who do sleep fallen ?
some girl that the babies are watching would call those babies that have called the baby .	would some girl that the babies are watching call those babies that have called the baby ?
this boy who those children were visiting can call those horses by the animal .	can this boy who those children were visiting call those horses by the animal ?
some boys who have called the children are reaching those people behind the children .	are some boys who have called the children reaching those people behind the children ?
some child who has fallen is reaching those animals behind this boy .	is some child who has fallen reaching those animals behind this boy ?
the baby that was trying has known some baby that the boy has watched .	has the baby that was trying known some baby that the boy has watched ?
some boys that shall see the boy have known the people by this animal .	have some boys that shall see the boy known the people by this animal ?
the horse that was watching the children is siting .	is the horse that was watching the children siting ?
those animals that were helping those animals can draw .	can those animals that were helping those animals draw ?
those animals who those children are calling were calling some girl that does talk .	were those animals who those children are calling calling some girl that does talk ?
some boy who has called those boys is watching the people .	is some boy who has called those boys watching the people ?
those people who some animal shall help are seeing some children by this girl .	are those people who some animal shall help seeing some children by this girl ?
some children who this person does know can work .	can some children who this person does know work ?
the baby that the boys are reaching was calling this horse .	was the baby that the boys are reaching calling this horse ?
the animal who is finding some girl can walk .	can the animal who is finding some girl walk ?
the baby who does watch some girls is helping the animal .	is the baby who does watch some girls helping the animal ?
this baby that was feeding those animals is picking those animals that have walked .	is this baby that was feeding those animals picking those animals that have walked ?
the people that this person is watching are working .	are the people that this person is watching working ?
some children that were reaching the girl are sleeping .	are some children that were reaching the girl sleeping ?
those people who are watching the babies have seen this animal that shall watch the baby .	have those people who are watching the babies seen this animal that shall watch the baby ?
this animal that those children are helping has called the girl who the person has helped .	has this animal that those children are helping called the girl who the person has helped ?
some animal that has slept was calling some girl that has visited some boy .	was some animal that has slept calling some girl that has visited some boy ?
the people who were calling this baby have read .	have the people who were calling this baby read ?
some baby who is picking the animals does pick the girl behind some children .	does some baby who is picking the animals pick the girl behind some children ?
those girls that shall help the animals have helped the horses .	have those girls that shall help the animals helped the horses ?
the people that those animals have watched shall help some children that this boy has found .	shall the people that those animals have watched help some children that this boy has found ?
some babies that some people have found would find this animal behind the girl .	would some babies that some people have found find this animal behind the girl ?
some people who would help those boys were watching some child by some horses .	were some people who would help those boys watching some child by some horses ?
some girl who some people were visiting is drawing .	is some girl who some people were visiting drawing ?
the horses who can help some girl shall try .	shall the horses who can help some girl try ?
this girl that did talk was feeding this animal by this person .	was this girl that did talk feeding this animal by this person ?
some animals that did watch those children are reading .	are some animals that did watch those children reading ?
some horse who shall call this horse was watching some people by some boy .	was some horse who shall call this horse watching some people by some boy ?
some people that the baby has picked would try .	would some people that the baby has picked try ?
some children that have picked this animal are visiting some baby who was calling the animal .	are some children that have picked this animal visiting some baby who was calling the animal ?
the girls who some person can reach were feeding the people .	were the girls who some person can reach feeding the people ?
this boy who is seeing this animal shall find those people behind some girls .	shall this boy who is seeing this animal find those people behind some girls ?
the baby who does fall was talking .	was the baby who does fall talking ?
the horses that some babies have called were finding the children behind the girls .	were the horses that some babies have called finding the children behind the girls ?
this person that has watched some boys was reading .	was this person that has watched some boys reading ?
the children that do sit have played .	have the children that do sit played ?
the horse that would call this boy shall pick those boys by those boys .	shall the horse that would call this boy pick those boys by those boys ?
some person that would walk has worked .	has some person that would walk worked ?
those babies that do sit have sat .	have those babies that do sit sat ?
some boys that would find the girls have played .	have some boys that would find the girls played ?
the boys who some animal has visited have played .	have the boys who some animal has visited played ?
the babies who the animals were calling are watching this girl by those boys .	are the babies who the animals were calling watching this girl by those boys ?
the horses who have helped some boy are feeding the child .	are the horses who have helped some boy feeding the child ?
some girls that this person has watched have found the baby by the boy .	have some girls that this person has watched found the baby by the boy ?
some horse that is helping some boy has called the animals by some baby .	has some horse that is helping some boy called the animals by some baby ?
this child who did call the animals shall visit the child by some babies .	shall this child who did call the animals visit the child by some babies ?
the girls that can work are siting .	are the girls that can work siting ?
some boys that some people have watched shall work .	shall some boys that some people have watched work ?
those girls who those girls do call would visit the child .	would those girls who those girls do call visit the child ?
some horses who have watched the horses are calling some boys by some baby .	are some horses who have watched the horses calling some boys by some baby ?
this boy that is reaching some animal has tried .	has this boy that is reaching some animal tried ?
the children that have walked were sleeping .	were the children that have walked sleeping ?
some boys who those boys are finding can reach this horse .	can some boys who those boys are finding reach this horse ?
those boys that the boy has called have known those horses .	have those boys that the boy has called known those horses ?
those girls who can call those horses have sat .	have those girls who can call those horses sat ?
the boys that are visiting some girls have called the babies by this horse .	have the boys that are visiting some girls called the babies by this horse ?
the boy who some boys were feeding has talked .	has the boy who some boys were feeding talked ?
this person that this child has reached is calling some horse .	is this person that this child has reached calling some horse ?
the child who has picked those people did feed the horse .	did the child who has picked those people feed the horse ?
the animal that some people can pick was reaching the children behind this girl .	was the animal that some people can pick reaching the children behind this girl ?
some people that were seeing this boy did call some boys .	did some people that were seeing this boy call some boys ?
the animal that can read does help this horse that has watched those boys .	does the animal that can read help this horse that has watched those boys ?
the animal who is visiting some person has talked .	has the animal who is visiting some person talked ?
some horses who some boy has found were feeding the boys by the horses .	were some horses who some boy has found feeding the boys by the horses ?
the babies who some person can pick have seen some babies that were trying .	have the babies who some person can pick seen some babies that were trying ?
those babies who shall pick the children do fall .	do those babies who shall pick the children fall ?
this girl who does read shall call those girls who shall feed some baby .	shall this girl who does read call those girls who shall feed some baby ?
the animals that were reaching some person do read .	do the animals that were reaching some person read ?
this baby who does try has worked .	has this baby who does try worked ?
this person who did see the horse was trying .	was this person who did see the horse trying ?
some girls that do fall are working .	are some girls that do fall working ?
the boys who are finding those boys have fed this girl that this child was finding .	have the boys who are finding those boys fed this girl that this child was finding ?
some boys that have reached the girls are falling .	are some boys that have reached the girls falling ?
some child who some baby does find was falling .	was some child who some baby does find falling ?
the girls who the animals would pick were reaching some girls by the animal .	were the girls who the animals would pick reaching some girls by the animal ?
the animal who is reaching this animal can watch the person by the horses .	can the animal who is reaching this animal watch the person by the horses ?
some children that have found those people were playing .	were some children that have found those people playing ?
the person that did find the animal was calling this girl by some horses .	was the person that did find the animal calling this girl by some horses ?
the baby who some animals were reaching was feeding some person behind this baby .	was the baby who some animals were reaching feeding some person behind this baby ?
those people who those people were helping shall watch the animals .	shall those people who those people were helping watch the animals ?
those babies who this child has watched were sleeping .	were those babies who this child has watched sleeping ?
the boy that some boy is calling can read .	can the boy that some boy is calling read ?
some child who was reading has found those animals behind some people .	has some child who was reading found those animals behind some people ?
some girls who were knowing the boy have called the boy that was seeing those animals .	have some girls who were knowing the boy called the boy that was seeing those animals ?
some boys who have found some horse would talk .	would some boys who have found some horse talk ?
the boy who was calling some boys has drawn .	has the boy who was calling some boys drawn ?
those horses that did call some people have sat .	have those horses that did call some people sat ?
the animal that would talk has visited the horse .	has the animal that would talk visited the horse ?
this horse who the babies are finding did visit some boys who some babies are reaching .	did this horse who the babies are finding visit some boys who some babies are reaching ?
this child that the girls would feed has found this child .	has this child that the girls would feed found this child ?
the animal who some babies are knowing has fed the boys behind some girl .	has the animal who some babies are knowing fed the boys behind some girl ?
this boy that has talked does walk .	does this boy that has talked walk ?
the person who the baby has known was playing .	was the person who the baby has known playing ?
this animal that some people are picking has sat .	has this animal that some people are picking sat ?
those children who some children have visited did draw .	did those children who some children have visited draw ?
some child that has found some person is finding some people by this baby .	is some child that has found some person finding some people by this baby ?
this baby who was picking some boy did feed some animals .	did this baby who was picking some boy feed some animals ?
those animals that have helped this girl are talking .	are those animals that have helped this girl talking ?
some girl that the babies would find has walked .	has some girl that the babies would find walked ?
the person that this horse is watching has tried .	has the person that this horse is watching tried ?
the animals who some animals have reached are seeing the girls .	are the animals who some animals have reached seeing the girls ?
those horses that those babies have called do find the girls that some horse has fed .	do those horses that those babies have called find the girls that some horse has fed ?
the girl who some horses have visited is watching some animal behind the person .	is the girl who some horses have visited watching some animal behind the person ?
those babies that are helping those girls would work .	would those babies that are helping those girls work ?
those horses that were finding the baby have played .	have those horses that were finding the baby played ?
the boy who shall walk is helping some child who is calling the animal .	is the boy who shall walk helping some child who is calling the animal ?
the girls that have helped the girl can read .	can the girls that have helped the girl read ?
this baby who the boys were visiting is falling .	is this baby who the boys were visiting falling ?
the child who some person does know did read .	did the child who some person does know read ?
those children that the horses have found can feed some person who the babies did reach .	can those children that the horses have found feed some person who the babies did reach ?
the babies who did visit this child have visited the girl behind some girls .	have the babies who did visit this child visited the girl behind some girls ?
this animal who those boys have visited has talked .	has this animal who those boys have visited talked ?
the horse who has helped those people does visit this person behind some people .	does the horse who has helped those people visit this person behind some people ?
those babies that those children are reaching have picked those people that do try .	have those babies that those children are reaching picked those people that do try ?
the animal that can try has fed those girls .	has the animal that can try fed those girls ?
some animals that do read were sleeping .	were some animals that do read sleeping ?
the child who is finding the children has known those people who this child did visit .	has the child who is finding the children known those people who this child did visit ?
those children who those girls have reached were visiting some babies who shall sleep .	were those children who those girls have reached visiting some babies who shall sleep ?
this boy that some people would visit has sat .	has this boy that some people would visit sat ?
the girls who some babies can help were walking .	were the girls who some babies can help walking ?
some horse that has fed those babies can sleep .	can some horse that has fed those babies sleep ?
the child that is feeding this girl did call the horse who this boy has found .	did the child that is feeding this girl call the horse who this boy has found ?
the person that was talking has reached those animals that the animal does watch .	has the person that was talking reached those animals that the animal does watch ?
some girl that the girls were seeing can walk .	can some girl that the girls were seeing walk ?
some people who those animals did help do watch this child behind those people .	do some people who those animals did help watch this child behind those people ?
this boy that does work shall sit .	shall this boy that does work sit ?
the baby that has visited the child was reading .	was the baby that has visited the child reading ?
some child that was calling some girls would know some boys that were working .	would some child that was calling some girls know some boys that were working ?
the people that have picked some girls were reaching some child .	were the people that have picked some girls reaching some child ?
some horses that some person has known were drawing .	were some horses that some person has known drawing ?
those animals who the child was knowing shall play .	shall those animals who the child was knowing play ?
those children that do help this horse have picked some children who the girl has reached .	have those children that do help this horse picked some children who the girl has reached ?
the horse that this animal was calling has walked .	has the horse that this animal was calling walked ?
this person who was reaching the horses has watched those horses .	has this person who was reaching the horses watched those horses ?
those horses who were watching some babies have sat .	have those horses who were watching some babies sat ?
the children that do feed the baby were helping this boy that those children have known .	were the children that do feed the baby helping this boy that those children have known ?
the people who did sit are playing .	are the people who did sit playing ?
some boy that did visit the horses has helped some person that has found some horses .	has some boy that did visit the horses helped some person that has found some horses ?
some animals who some girls have visited can play .	can some animals who some girls have visited play ?
those girls who were helping some animal did try .	did those girls who were helping some animal try ?
the boy that some horse can pick has watched the people that those girls have picked .	has the boy that some horse can pick watched the people that those girls have picked ?
the horses that were visiting the children have talked .	have the horses that were visiting the children talked ?
some babies that do watch some girls can read .	can some babies that do watch some girls read ?
some boy that some boy is seeing does see some horse behind some animals .	does some boy that some boy is seeing see some horse behind some animals ?
the babies that have sat were knowing this animal .	were the babies that have sat knowing this animal ?
the person that those horses were finding did read .	did the person that those horses were finding read ?
this child who this animal does pick shall know the horse behind the boy .	shall this child who this animal does pick know the horse behind the boy ?
the person that is seeing some girl has played .	has the person that is seeing some girl played ?
some babies who are knowing some person have reached some animal .	have some babies who are knowing some person reached some animal ?
some child who those children were knowing has called those animals .	has some child who those children were knowing called those animals ?
some animals who the animals shall see would sleep .	would some animals who the animals shall see sleep ?
the girls that the horses were visiting would watch the girls that are visiting this animal .	would the girls that the horses were visiting watch the girls that are visiting this animal ?
this girl that the babies do pick has watched some horses by some person .	has this girl that the babies do pick watched some horses by some person ?
some baby who does sleep is talking .	is some baby who does sleep talking ?
this horse who the horses did know would feed the boys by the girl .	would this horse who the horses did know feed the boys by the girl ?
those girls who have known some babies would watch some girls who those animals have helped .	would those girls who have known some babies watch some girls who those animals have helped ?
this animal who the people have watched has found some children who were playing .	has this animal who the people have watched found some children who were playing ?
the children that have played do visit this person behind the children .	do the children that have played visit this person behind the children ?
the horses that would reach the boy have tried .	have the horses that would reach the boy tried ?
the horses who were finding some babies have fallen .	have the horses who were finding some babies fallen ?
the child who shall talk has visited the baby by some boy .	has the child who shall talk visited the baby by some boy ?
those people that some children do call have slept .	have those people that some children do call slept ?
those horses who have called some people would help this animal .	would those horses who have called some people help this animal ?
this girl that can sleep did try .	did this girl that can sleep try ?
those babies that would know those people are talking .	are those babies that would know those people talking ?
this animal who would try has helped those horses behind the babies .	has this animal who would try helped those horses behind the babies ?
those horses who those girls would reach have talked .	have those horses who those girls would reach talked ?
some boy that has tried is seeing the girl that is watching the girl .	is some boy that has tried seeing the girl that is watching the girl ?
the girls who have seen this girl shall help some babies behind the horses .	shall the girls who have seen this girl help some babies behind the horses ?
some person that can know the boys is watching some babies by some girls .	is some person that can know the boys watching some babies by some girls ?
this child who some people are seeing has tried .	has this child who some people are seeing tried ?
those boys who have helped some horse can visit this child .	can those boys who have helped some horse visit this child ?
this baby who was feeding the child does play .	does this baby who was feeding the child play ?
the horse that this boy was visiting has known the girls .	has the horse that this boy was visiting known the girls ?
the horse that is helping some animals has found some animals who those boys are calling .	has the horse that is helping some animals found some animals who those boys are calling ?
those girls that the child has known would see the child by some animal .	would those girls that the child has known see the child by some animal ?
the horses that some baby was seeing have worked .	have the horses that some baby was seeing worked ?
the girls who are watching those animals would pick the animals behind some children .	would the girls who are watching those animals pick the animals behind some children ?
some animal who this baby is knowing did walk .	did some animal who this baby is knowing walk ?
this girl that does know some horse was working .	was this girl that does know some horse working ?
this child who was working would read .	would this child who was working read ?
this animal that the person has called shall call the animals by the girl .	shall this animal that the person has called call the animals by the girl ?
some horse who the girl has helped was seeing the boys by this baby .	was some horse who the girl has helped seeing the boys by this baby ?
this horse who would watch this baby is talking .	is this horse who would watch this baby talking ?
some horse who can call the horses was reading .	was some horse who can call the horses reading ?
the boys that can visit this baby have slept .	have the boys that can visit this baby slept ?
this baby that the animals did watch was picking the person who can find some horse .	was this baby that the animals did watch picking the person who can find some horse ?
some horses who were sleeping are working .	are some horses who were sleeping working ?
the boys who have watched some girls can call the horse behind this child .	can the boys who have watched some girls call the horse behind this child ?
some people who are reaching those girls can sit .	can some people who are reaching those girls sit ?
this boy that this baby has picked was knowing some babies by this horse .	was this boy that this baby has picked knowing some babies by this horse ?
those people that do visit some children have reached those girls that this boy has known .	have those people that do visit some children reached those girls that this boy has known ?
some child that is helping some girl has visited the person behind some animals .	has some child that is helping some girl visited the person behind some animals ?
the girl who some girls have known has drawn .	has the girl who some girls have known drawn ?
the child that has read does reach this horse who would talk .	does the child that has read reach this horse who would talk ?
this girl that those animals are seeing does reach this horse .	does this girl that those animals are seeing reach this horse ?
the children who some person did help have worked .	have the children who some person did help worked ?
some boy who the babies have found has fed the animals .	has some boy who the babies have found fed the animals ?
those boys who have reached some baby can sleep .	can those boys who have reached some baby sleep ?
the girl who was seeing the boys did sleep .	did the girl who was seeing the boys sleep ?
some child that the boys do call shall know those girls behind those girls .	shall some child that the boys do call know those girls behind those girls ?
those boys who would find some baby have slept .	have those boys who would find some baby slept ?
those people who were drawing shall try .	shall those people who were drawing try ?
the boys that were knowing the girls are knowing the animal by some people .	are the boys that were knowing the girls knowing the animal by some people ?
some girl that is helping the boys was visiting those children .	was some girl that is helping the boys visiting those children ?
the person that has found some girls shall visit the people by some boys .	shall the person that has found some girls visit the people by some boys ?
some boy that some boys have found can feed some baby behind those children .	can some boy that some boys have found feed some baby behind those children ?
this girl that was drawing did talk .	did this girl that was drawing talk ?
some people that the girl has seen did walk .	did some people that the girl has seen walk ?
the babies who this child did feed were trying .	were the babies who this child did feed trying ?
some baby that the girl does pick has slept .	has some baby that the girl does pick slept ?
some child who the children have helped has sat .	has some child who the children have helped sat ?
those boys that were helping some horses do feed the horse by the horse .	do those boys that were helping some horses feed the horse by the horse ?
the people who would call some boy are working .	are the people who would call some boy working ?
some person that some people are picking did visit the boys by some animals .	did some person that some people are picking visit the boys by some animals ?
some girls that some people did find have visited the animal .	have some girls that some people did find visited the animal ?
some animals that did watch some baby were seeing some horses who can help the girl .	were some animals that did watch some baby seeing some horses who can help the girl ?
some horses that some girl is picking do watch some people who are reaching those people .	do some horses that some girl is picking watch some people who are reaching those people ?
some animals who did visit this baby shall pick the boy by some horses .	shall some animals who did visit this baby pick the boy by some horses ?
those children who some baby is calling were helping some boy .	were those children who some baby is calling helping some boy ?
the horse who can pick the child is talking .	is the horse who can pick the child talking ?
this person that shall pick some children has read .	has this person that shall pick some children read ?
some boys that were walking did watch some boy by those people .	did some boys that were walking watch some boy by those people ?
the horses that were falling are trying .	are the horses that were falling trying ?
some boys that have played are playing .	are some boys that have played playing ?
those girls who shall visit the animal have worked .	have those girls who shall visit the animal worked ?
the animals who this horse has visited were visiting this boy that does work .	were the animals who this horse has visited visiting this boy that does work ?
some animals that the animal has picked are trying .	are some animals that the animal has picked trying ?
those girls that were watching some babies have drawn .	have those girls that were watching some babies drawn ?
some child that some animals have reached is picking those boys .	is some child that some animals have reached picking those boys ?
the person that some horse can feed is falling .	is the person that some horse can feed falling ?
the children who have visited some baby did watch the girl who was picking some babies .	did the children who have visited some baby watch the girl who was picking some babies ?
this child who shall call some animal can watch the boy .	can this child who shall call some animal watch the boy ?
those people that did see this animal have worked .	have those people that did see this animal worked ?
some child that the person can pick did help some babies .	did some child that the person can pick help some babies ?
the girls that the animal has fed can draw .	can the girls that the animal has fed draw ?
those babies that are picking some girl did watch the girl .	did those babies that are picking some girl watch the girl ?
some animal that can fall has seen some boys who are picking the animal .	has some animal that can fall seen some boys who are picking the animal ?
the boy who has fed the girls would pick this horse by some horses .	would the boy who has fed the girls pick this horse by some horses ?
some animals who have visited the people are helping this boy by the child .	are some animals who have visited the people helping this boy by the child ?
some boys that the girls shall reach did work .	did some boys that the girls shall reach work ?
some children who can work have visited the person that was picking some baby .	have some children who can work visited the person that was picking some baby ?
some people that this animal would know are feeding some baby by this horse .	are some people that this animal would know feeding some baby by this horse ?
the animal that is finding some girl has seen the animals .	has the animal that is finding some girl seen the animals ?
some people who the animal was picking are reading .	are some people who the animal was picking reading ?
some girls who this boy shall pick have tried .	have some girls who this boy shall pick tried ?
some baby that does draw can see the boys by those animals .	can some baby that does draw see the boys by those animals ?
some boys that have seen the horse were feeding the animal by those babies .	were some boys that have seen the horse feeding the animal by those babies ?
some animal that the child would pick can sit .	can some animal that the child would pick sit ?
some horses that did work were knowing some boy .	were some horses that did work knowing some boy ?
those girls that some babies have called do know the girls .	do those girls that some babies have called know the girls ?
this child that has reached those horses shall watch some babies behind the horse .	shall this child that has reached those horses watch some babies behind the horse ?
the horse who has helped those babies does watch the animal .	does the horse who has helped those babies watch the animal ?
the horses that have known some animals can reach some children behind the children .	can the horses that have known some animals reach some children behind the children ?
the horse that some girls did find does read .	does the horse that some girls did find read ?
those horses that can reach some animals do visit the child behind this horse .	do those horses that can reach some animals visit the child behind this horse ?
those people who are working were reading .	were those people who are working reading ?
some boys who have found this baby were feeding the child .	were some boys who have found this baby feeding the child ?
this person who the children would reach is seeing some animal by some girls .	is this person who the children would reach seeing some animal by some girls ?
some baby who those boys do feed does fall .	does some baby who those boys do feed fall ?
those girls who some boy is helping do feed some boy that some child would see .	do those girls who some boy is helping feed some boy that some child would see ?
some child that can feed some girl was helping some animals by some horses .	was some child that can feed some girl helping some animals by some horses ?
some person that is reaching the horses has worked .	has some person that is reaching the horses worked ?
those girls who are falling were visiting the babies .	were those girls who are falling visiting the babies ?
those horses that this child has known were visiting the horses who have called this child .	were those horses that this child has known visiting the horses who have called this child ?
the girls who some animals have visited can fall .	can the girls who some animals have visited fall ?
some animals that the girl would find did draw .	did some animals that the girl would find draw ?
those people who would help some girl were falling .	were those people who would help some girl falling ?
the babies that would help this baby have helped the girl that was walking .	have the babies that would help this baby helped the girl that was walking ?
this baby that some boy would know has drawn .	has this baby that some boy would know drawn ?
some people who this child does find would know some children .	would some people who this child does find know some children ?
the horse that some people have visited would feed this baby behind some boy .	would the horse that some people have visited feed this baby behind some boy ?
some boys that are watching some babies have fed some horses behind the boy .	have some boys that are watching some babies fed some horses behind the boy ?
this animal that can feed some child is reading .	is this animal that can feed some child reading ?
the girls who those girls are picking have talked .	have the girls who those girls are picking talked ?
some animals that have reached this horse were seeing those boys behind the baby .	were some animals that have reached this horse seeing those boys behind the baby ?
the animals that some horses have called shall walk .	shall the animals that some horses have called walk ?
some baby that some girl would pick is playing .	is some baby that some girl would pick playing ?
this animal who was drawing does watch the boy .	does this animal who was drawing watch the boy ?
some baby who this person is watching has called some child .	has some baby who this person is watching called some child ?
the horses who are playing have fallen .	have the horses who are playing fallen ?
the boys who have helped the animals can find this baby that can talk .	can the boys who have helped the animals find this baby that can talk ?
those children that are feeding this girl have picked those babies who have seen this horse .	have those children that are feeding this girl picked those babies who have seen this horse ?
the people that are visiting some child have drawn .	have the people that are visiting some child drawn ?
those people who have found this child are sleeping .	are those people who have found this child sleeping ?
some babies that do draw have worked .	have some babies that do draw worked ?
the animal who the baby does visit has helped some people behind some children .	has the animal who the baby does visit helped some people behind some children ?
some horse that can read was working .	was some horse that can read working ?
the children who some horse has seen were picking some person behind the girl .	were the children who some horse has seen picking some person behind the girl ?
this boy who has fed the boy does draw .	does this boy who has fed the boy draw ?
some people that those girls would know have called the girls that have drawn .	have some people that those girls would know called the girls that have drawn ?
this animal that the horse has picked would visit the animal by the person .	would this animal that the horse has picked visit the animal by the person ?
the horse that is siting has read .	has the horse that is siting read ?
the child who has known some babies is feeding some babies that would see those girls .	is the child who has known some babies feeding some babies that would see those girls ?
this baby who the babies are seeing was feeding the people behind this boy .	was this baby who the babies are seeing feeding the people behind this boy ?
some boy who those babies were finding was helping the baby by those girls .	was some boy who those babies were finding helping the baby by those girls ?
those children that are working have worked .	have those children that are working worked ?
the girls that the person shall watch are visiting the child who has talked .	are the girls that the person shall watch visiting the child who has talked ?
the children who are seeing some horse were sleeping .	were the children who are seeing some horse sleeping ?
those children who did pick some children shall talk .	shall those children who did pick some children talk ?
some person that has watched the baby was falling .	was some person that has watched the baby falling ?
this child that the child can feed has helped the baby by the boys .	has this child that the child can feed helped the baby by the boys ?
the children that are playing do see this horse .	do the children that are playing see this horse ?
the boy that some people have picked has drawn .	has the boy that some people have picked drawn ?
the horse that some animal is picking has visited this person .	has the horse that some animal is picking visited this person ?
the people who are watching some animal did sit .	did the people who are watching some animal sit ?
this horse that was knowing some animals has reached some boys .	has this horse that was knowing some animals reached some boys ?
the horse that the boys can pick has talked .	has the horse that the boys can pick talked ?
some children who those people were knowing would try .	would some children who those people were knowing try ?
those babies that some girl has known were knowing the horse .	were those babies that some girl has known knowing the horse ?
some baby who the boy has fed does pick those girls .	does some baby who the boy has fed pick those girls ?
the horse that did find this girl has drawn .	has the horse that did find this girl drawn ?
some person who is falling did play .	did some person who is falling play ?
the horse who those people have seen is drawing .	is the horse who those people have seen drawing ?
the animals that this baby is seeing were working .	were the animals that this baby is seeing working ?
some animals who the animals have fed are falling .	are some animals who the animals have fed falling ?
some child that was calling the children has found some child .	has some child that was calling the children found some child ?
some babies who those animals are picking have sat .	have some babies who those animals are picking sat ?
this baby who shall know the horse would pick the animals .	would this baby who shall know the horse pick the animals ?
the person who has talked can watch the babies by some child .	can the person who has talked watch the babies by some child ?
those animals that those boys do watch have picked the people behind the boys .	have those animals that those boys do watch picked the people behind the boys ?
some girl that is playing would call those boys .	would some girl that is playing call those boys ?
the people who were siting would feed some boy .	would the people who were siting feed some boy ?
the boy who those children are watching has found some boy that was visiting some people .	has the boy who those children are watching found some boy that was visiting some people ?
some babies that the baby was feeding are falling .	are some babies that the baby was feeding falling ?
some boys who the animal has found shall know the animals behind some babies .	shall some boys who the animal has found know the animals behind some babies ?
those animals that this boy has found would call the animal by this baby .	would those animals that this boy has found call the animal by this baby ?
the animals who would reach some girls were seeing the boys by some children .	were the animals who would reach some girls seeing the boys by some children ?
some babies who have visited the baby would reach the children .	would some babies who have visited the baby reach the children ?
some animals who do read were watching some babies by some boys .	were some animals who do read watching some babies by some boys ?
those horses who this person was calling are drawing .	are those horses who this person was calling drawing ?
some babies who shall feed the person are sleeping .	are some babies who shall feed the person sleeping ?
the boys that were reaching those babies have fallen .	have the boys that were reaching those babies fallen ?
the children that this girl can visit have read .	have the children that this girl can visit read ?
the children who some girl has called did sleep .	did the children who some girl has called sleep ?
some person who some animals can feed was talking .	was some person who some animals can feed talking ?
this animal that those girls shall see was trying .	was this animal that those girls shall see trying ?
this animal that the horses do see has reached this boy .	has this animal that the horses do see reached this boy ?
the horse that the people would find can try .	can the horse that the people would find try ?
some person who did sit does call this boy by some people .	does some person who did sit call this boy by some people ?
some child who is falling did find some horses by this horse .	did some child who is falling find some horses by this horse ?
this boy who some boys can visit has read .	has this boy who some boys can visit read ?
those boys who would help those children have fed the animals .	have those boys who would help those children fed the animals ?
some horses that are helping some children do read .	do some horses that are helping some children read ?
some children that do read have found some child who has read .	have some children that do read found some child who has read ?
some horses that have fed the boy did feed those girls .	did some horses that have fed the boy feed those girls ?
some babies who have known this baby shall draw .	shall some babies who have known this baby draw ?
the girl that was helping the boys has walked .	has the girl that was helping the boys walked ?
the animals that were seeing this child have read .	have the animals that were seeing this child read ?
this baby that is finding those animals has fallen .	has this baby that is finding those animals fallen ?
this animal who would read has sat .	has this animal who would read sat ?
some animals who shall fall would reach some child by the boy .	would some animals who shall fall reach some child by the boy ?
this baby that does watch the animals is picking the horse by some baby .	is this baby that does watch the animals picking the horse by some baby ?
some horses that this child has fed have visited some girls that some girl was visiting .	have some horses that this child has fed visited some girls that some girl was visiting ?
some children that were calling some children shall sleep .	shall some children that were calling some children sleep ?
some horse who shall reach the girl is helping some babies that did find those boys .	is some horse who shall reach the girl helping some babies that did find those boys ?
some child who those animals can visit was sleeping .	was some child who those animals can visit sleeping ?
some boys who do try are reading .	are some boys who do try reading ?
some children who have watched the people can see some girl who the boys have found .	can some children who have watched the people see some girl who the boys have found ?
some animal who the animal does call did try .	did some animal who the animal does call try ?
the baby who the people shall call was talking .	was the baby who the people shall call talking ?
some girls who are finding this animal did know some animal by some babies .	did some girls who are finding this animal know some animal by some babies ?
some animals that have seen the children would reach this child that has known the boys .	would some animals that have seen the children reach this child that has known the boys ?
this boy that some children have reached has read .	has this boy that some children have reached read ?
some boys who some animals would watch were trying .	were some boys who some animals would watch trying ?
those animals who some girl has called are feeding those boys by some animal .	are those animals who some girl has called feeding those boys by some animal ?
those boys who were seeing this animal did find some girl that does reach the horses .	did those boys who were seeing this animal find some girl that does reach the horses ?
those animals who shall pick some girls did see the boy .	did those animals who shall pick some girls see the boy ?
the horse who is picking some children has found this baby .	has the horse who is picking some children found this baby ?
some people who those horses can visit were feeding this girl by this girl .	were some people who those horses can visit feeding this girl by this girl ?
the girl who would see this girl has watched the boy by those boys .	has the girl who would see this girl watched the boy by those boys ?
this girl who was picking some horses can see some horses by the children .	can this girl who was picking some horses see some horses by the children ?
this animal who can see some baby has watched the baby that the girl would pick .	has this animal who can see some baby watched the baby that the girl would pick ?
some girl that those animals did watch has drawn .	has some girl that those animals did watch drawn ?
some boy who has visited some animal did know the girls by some boy .	did some boy who has visited some animal know the girls by some boy ?
the horse who the horses have seen did pick the animals by the babies .	did the horse who the horses have seen pick the animals by the babies ?
the animals that this person has known have fed the child who can pick the animal .	have the animals that this person has known fed the child who can pick the animal ?
this child who the animals have visited would draw .	would this child who the animals have visited draw ?
some horses who those children did see would fall .	would some horses who those children did see fall ?
the horse that those babies can help was feeding some child .	was the horse that those babies can help feeding some child ?
the child that some girls would pick has slept .	has the child that some girls would pick slept ?
the people who did pick this baby have fallen .	have the people who did pick this baby fallen ?
this girl who those babies have seen is finding the horses behind those babies .	is this girl who those babies have seen finding the horses behind those babies ?
those people that are seeing some person have fallen .	have those people that are seeing some person fallen ?
the children who were trying are sleeping .	are the children who were trying sleeping ?
some horses that did watch this animal do walk .	do some horses that did watch this animal walk ?
this horse who has tried did draw .	did this horse who has tried draw ?
the children that have visited some girls were reaching those girls behind the girl .	were the children that have visited some girls reaching those girls behind the girl ?
those boys that are visiting this person do see some horses .	do those boys that are visiting this person see some horses ?
those people who have played can work .	can those people who have played work ?
the girls who those horses do pick would read .	would the girls who those horses do pick read ?
those children who the animals shall call have tried .	have those children who the animals shall call tried ?
the boys who the animal has called have seen the girl by this girl .	have the boys who the animal has called seen the girl by this girl ?
this child who has slept does pick the children by some people .	does this child who has slept pick the children by some people ?
the horse that did help those boys is helping this person behind the person .	is the horse that did help those boys helping this person behind the person ?
those animals that would pick those people were walking .	were those animals that would pick those people walking ?
this baby that some people can help was talking .	was this baby that some people can help talking ?
the girl who those people shall pick was playing .	was the girl who those people shall pick playing ?
the people who those babies were picking have watched those babies behind those animals .	have the people who those babies were picking watched those babies behind those animals ?
those children who have worked shall help the people who this boy has found .	shall those children who have worked help the people who this boy has found ?
some girl that some babies were picking has known some person behind this person .	has some girl that some babies were picking known some person behind this person ?
the girl who some baby does help was picking some boys who were visiting some animal .	was the girl who some baby does help picking some boys who were visiting some animal ?
the person who the person has fed is seeing some girl .	is the person who the person has fed seeing some girl ?
some babies who some girls have picked are talking .	are some babies who some girls have picked talking ?
this child who those animals are visiting was reading .	was this child who those animals are visiting reading ?
the baby who the horse did find has called the person .	has the baby who the horse did find called the person ?
the boys that the boys are feeding have worked .	have the boys that the boys are feeding worked ?
the people that are finding the children do call some animals who the horses did watch .	do the people that are finding the children call some animals who the horses did watch ?
those horses that this animal has reached did visit the babies behind some baby .	did those horses that this animal has reached visit the babies behind some baby ?
some animals that some girl was seeing were reaching the people .	were some animals that some girl was seeing reaching the people ?
the boys that did visit the children have tried .	have the boys that did visit the children tried ?
the girl who is feeding the animals was drawing .	was the girl who is feeding the animals drawing ?
this horse who was walking has walked .	has this horse who was walking walked ?
this baby who was visiting the girls has picked those people .	has this baby who was visiting the girls picked those people ?
some girl who does help some girls was feeding those horses behind some people .	was some girl who does help some girls feeding those horses behind some people ?
this boy that is reading has visited some boys who are visiting some boys .	has this boy that is reading visited some boys who are visiting some boys ?
this baby who shall sit was siting .	was this baby who shall sit siting ?
the people that have drawn are walking .	are the people that have drawn walking ?
some baby who some horse has fed did try .	did some baby who some horse has fed try ?
the girl that the boy is finding has reached some person by some horse .	has the girl that the boy is finding reached some person by some horse ?
some boys that those horses have visited do feed some children behind the horses .	do some boys that those horses have visited feed some children behind the horses ?
some baby who those children would reach is walking .	is some baby who those children would reach walking ?
the child that those children are helping was talking .	was the child that those children are helping talking ?
this person who the animal did reach is helping those people behind the child .	is this person who the animal did reach helping those people behind the child ?
the person who would pick this baby has known the animal that the girl shall watch .	has the person who would pick this baby known the animal that the girl shall watch ?
this girl who the person is knowing has fallen .	has this girl who the person is knowing fallen ?
those boys that have found this baby are trying .	are those boys that have found this baby trying ?
the person who shall visit those children did find some boy behind some person .	did the person who shall visit those children find some boy behind some person ?
some person who the boy is seeing has read .	has some person who the boy is seeing read ?
this horse that was reading has slept .	has this horse that was reading slept ?
those babies that the children have watched are feeding some babies that did reach the children .	are those babies that the children have watched feeding some babies that did reach the children ?
the baby that was talking has worked .	has the baby that was talking worked ?
some person who would play has picked the babies by some animal .	has some person who would play picked the babies by some animal ?
some people that some horses shall see have found the baby behind some babies .	have some people that some horses shall see found the baby behind some babies ?
some girls that shall read have tried .	have some girls that shall read tried ?
those boys who this baby is calling did pick the girls .	did those boys who this baby is calling pick the girls ?
those boys who do sleep have read .	have those boys who do sleep read ?
this boy who was picking some boys is walking .	is this boy who was picking some boys walking ?
some horses who can visit the babies were working .	were some horses who can visit the babies working ?
this person who the child has known is picking some children that are falling .	is this person who the child has known picking some children that are falling ?
some boy that would call some people has called this girl that those horses were feeding .	has some boy that would call some people called this girl that those horses were feeding ?
some child who the children can feed has found the horses by some horses .	has some child who the children can feed found the horses by some horses ?
some horses that some people have picked were walking .	were some horses that some people have picked walking ?
some horses who this person shall visit have tried .	have some horses who this person shall visit tried ?
those horses that some child has fed have picked the girl .	have those horses that some child has fed picked the girl ?
some children that have visited the child were seeing this child by the boys .	were some children that have visited the child seeing this child by the boys ?
some boys who this boy would see were feeding the child behind those animals .	were some boys who this boy would see feeding the child behind those animals ?
the boy that some babies have called has walked .	has the boy that some babies have called walked ?
this boy who was helping the people has helped the people by the animal .	has this boy who was helping the people helped the people by the animal ?
the horses who the animal was finding have visited the children by the children .	have the horses who the animal was finding visited the children by the children ?
those boys that were sleeping shall draw .	shall those boys that were sleeping draw ?
this horse who was visiting the girls is talking .	is this horse who was visiting the girls talking ?
some children that this baby has helped were playing .	were some children that this baby has helped playing ?
the horse who the animal was reaching does sleep .	does the horse who the animal was reaching sleep ?
the person who some girls did reach is reading .	is the person who some girls did reach reading ?
those babies who have fed the babies were finding the boy behind some animals .	were those babies who have fed the babies finding the boy behind some animals ?
the people that did see some horses are calling those children .	are the people that did see some horses calling those children ?
those children that the child was seeing are picking the children by the people .	are those children that the child was seeing picking the children by the people ?
some animals who are walking have known those children by the children .	have some animals who are walking known those children by the children ?
the horse that this person shall call would watch the girl by some horse .	would the horse that this person shall call watch the girl by some horse ?
those babies that this person is seeing are picking the horse .	are those babies that this person is seeing picking the horse ?
the animals that the baby did visit have fed the animals by some babies .	have the animals that the baby did visit fed the animals by some babies ?
this horse who was calling the children has called the boy that the babies would help .	has this horse who was calling the children called the boy that the babies would help ?
some animal who some person can find shall play .	shall some animal who some person can find play ?
those babies that the person is calling were trying .	were those babies that the person is calling trying ?
the child that some people have found has slept .	has the child that some people have found slept ?
some animal that the boy is visiting has helped those children .	has some animal that the boy is visiting helped those children ?
some person that some boy has reached shall sleep .	shall some person that some boy has reached sleep ?
this person who can reach the girl has known the person who has known those animals .	has this person who can reach the girl known the person who has known those animals ?
some boy who did find some children can fall .	can some boy who did find some children fall ?
the person that is playing has called some person that is picking those boys .	has the person that is playing called some person that is picking those boys ?
the animals who the people have called do pick this child behind the children .	do the animals who the people have called pick this child behind the children ?
the boy who was calling this animal has known the people .	has the boy who was calling this animal known the people ?
some child that this girl has picked would talk .	would some child that this girl has picked talk ?
some animals that would watch the horses were walking .	were some animals that would watch the horses walking ?
the people that those animals do pick have found some babies behind some child .	have the people that those animals do pick found some babies behind some child ?
some children that were helping this person have sat .	have some children that were helping this person sat ?
the horse that this horse is knowing has helped the babies behind those animals .	has the horse that this horse is knowing helped the babies behind those animals ?
the horse who does walk has fed the child by those girls .	has the horse who does walk fed the child by those girls ?
those babies who have tried shall visit those horses behind the girl .	shall those babies who have tried visit those horses behind the girl ?
some girl that the baby shall pick did pick this baby that shall watch those girls .	did some girl that the baby shall pick pick this baby that shall watch those girls ?
the boys who have picked the girls did know the horse by this boy .	did the boys who have picked the girls know the horse by this boy ?
this person who the animal would watch is knowing those boys by some child .	is this person who the animal would watch knowing those boys by some child ?
those babies who some boy can reach have watched those people by some boy .	have those babies who some boy can reach watched those people by some boy ?
those people who are siting have read .	have those people who are siting read ?
this girl who has seen the boy can play .	can this girl who has seen the boy play ?
the babies that some person is feeding did sleep .	did the babies that some person is feeding sleep ?
the horses who those babies do know were talking .	were the horses who those babies do know talking ?
this baby who has called this girl can try .	can this baby who has called this girl try ?
those animals who shall visit the horse did reach some people by the people .	did those animals who shall visit the horse reach some people by the people ?
this baby who can call some children has talked .	has this baby who can call some children talked ?
the animals that are seeing some horse would call the baby that was drawing .	would the animals that are seeing some horse call the baby that was drawing ?
the person who this girl has picked does walk .	does the person who this girl has picked walk ?
those animals that are finding the person were seeing this child behind those horses .	were those animals that are finding the person seeing this child behind those horses ?
some horse who some girls have helped has tried .	has some horse who some girls have helped tried ?
some girls that do see some girls are drawing .	are some girls that do see some girls drawing ?
some people that are feeding this girl do play .	do some people that are feeding this girl play ?
the horses that have slept did fall .	did the horses that have slept fall ?
some horses who shall help the girl have played .	have some horses who shall help the girl played ?
the people who the children have visited can play .	can the people who the children have visited play ?
this child that does reach some person would walk .	would this child that does reach some person walk ?
some children who some babies are feeding were trying .	were some children who some babies are feeding trying ?
some animals who would pick some girl are playing .	are some animals who would pick some girl playing ?
some children who those children would know did talk .	did some children who those children would know talk ?
the horses that have reached some baby shall watch those people by the baby .	shall the horses that have reached some baby watch those people by the baby ?
some animal that the baby has visited did reach those boys that those babies can feed .	did some animal that the baby has visited reach those boys that those babies can feed ?
those horses that were watching the animals are working .	are those horses that were watching the animals working ?
those horses who were calling those children have seen this child who was playing .	have those horses who were calling those children seen this child who was playing ?
some boys who did help the horse would draw .	would some boys who did help the horse draw ?
this child that was knowing those horses shall call some horse behind the boy .	shall this child that was knowing those horses call some horse behind the boy ?
this person who was watching this baby is knowing those animals .	is this person who was watching this baby knowing those animals ?
some babies that the boy was picking are picking some babies who some child would see .	are some babies that the boy was picking picking some babies who some child would see ?
some baby that was knowing some baby would sleep .	would some baby that was knowing some baby sleep ?
the animal that has picked the girls would play .	would the animal that has picked the girls play ?
some person who has reached the boys does talk .	does some person who has reached the boys talk ?
those girls who were calling those boys did fall .	did those girls who were calling those boys fall ?
some people who some people would feed have talked .	have some people who some people would feed talked ?
those girls who those people were watching are calling the animal behind some person .	are those girls who those people were watching calling the animal behind some person ?
some girl that some child was watching has visited this boy who has tried .	has some girl that some child was watching visited this boy who has tried ?
this horse who is reaching some people does draw .	does this horse who is reaching some people draw ?
some girls that this animal would watch have drawn .	have some girls that this animal would watch drawn ?
some animal that shall know the person would know some horses that the person would feed .	would some animal that shall know the person know some horses that the person would feed ?
the horse that did reach some girl is watching the person behind some baby .	is the horse that did reach some girl watching the person behind some baby ?
this horse who some children were watching was calling the horse by some animal .	was this horse who some children were watching calling the horse by some animal ?
those girls that some people would call were playing .	were those girls that some people would call playing ?
those horses that have known the child did sit .	did those horses that have known the child sit ?
this child who has fed those boys would play .	would this child who has fed those boys play ?
the animal who the horses have found did know some person who this child is picking .	did the animal who the horses have found know some person who this child is picking ?
those babies who were walking have fallen .	have those babies who were walking fallen ?
some animals who are visiting some animal were visiting the baby .	were some animals who are visiting some animal visiting the baby ?
this baby that has read shall feed those horses .	shall this baby that has read feed those horses ?
the child who some babies are reaching is helping this girl behind the animal .	is the child who some babies are reaching helping this girl behind the animal ?
those animals who were helping this girl do draw .	do those animals who were helping this girl draw ?
the baby who the horses have watched was watching those animals who those people would see .	was the baby who the horses have watched watching those animals who those people would see ?
those animals that some boys did find were sleeping .	were those animals that some boys did find sleeping ?
the horses that the animal has seen were siting .	were the horses that the animal has seen siting ?
the people who were reaching the children would call some children who this person has known .	would the people who were reaching the children call some children who this person has known ?
those animals who this boy would see can work .	can those animals who this boy would see work ?
this child that shall sleep has fallen .	has this child that shall sleep fallen ?
some animals that the baby has picked shall reach some babies behind some horses .	shall some animals that the baby has picked reach some babies behind some horses ?
some horses that shall call some girls were walking .	were some horses that shall call some girls walking ?
the girl who the animal does watch shall sit .	shall the girl who the animal does watch sit ?
this boy that some child was reaching has talked .	has this boy that some child was reaching talked ?
some people that this baby was calling have found some child by the horses .	have some people that this baby was calling found some child by the horses ?
the animals that have read shall work .	shall the animals that have read work ?
the baby who some horses have watched has found some horses behind some horse .	has the baby who some horses have watched found some horses behind some horse ?
those girls who have sat are falling .	are those girls who have sat falling ?
those babies who can sit are feeding some person .	are those babies who can sit feeding some person ?
the animal who is picking those boys did watch some animal behind this boy .	did the animal who is picking those boys watch some animal behind this boy ?
the animal that has watched some girls was trying .	was the animal that has watched some girls trying ?
those horses who would read were feeding some person behind some people .	were those horses who would read feeding some person behind some people ?
some girls who have drawn are picking some animals who those boys are feeding .	are some girls who have drawn picking some animals who those boys are feeding ?
some girls who were calling some boy are feeding this child .	are some girls who were calling some boy feeding this child ?
the people that do find the child have found the animal by the person .	have the people that do find the child found the animal by the person ?
those babies that some baby did feed are drawing .	are those babies that some baby did feed drawing ?
the animal that was seeing this girl has sat .	has the animal that was seeing this girl sat ?
this child that some people are picking would know the boy that some girl shall find .	would this child that some people are picking know the boy that some girl shall find ?
this boy that has helped the girl was reading .	was this boy that has helped the girl reading ?
some baby who has played would help some girl that those horses have helped .	would some baby who has played help some girl that those horses have helped ?
the girls who were finding some girls are sleeping .	are the girls who were finding some girls sleeping ?
some horse that was trying shall read .	shall some horse that was trying read ?
this horse who is calling some boys was playing .	was this horse who is calling some boys playing ?
those babies that have helped this baby shall pick this animal .	shall those babies that have helped this baby pick this animal ?
some person that some animals have seen has picked some horse that some girl can reach .	has some person that some animals have seen picked some horse that some girl can reach ?
the horses who can find the horses have read .	have the horses who can find the horses read ?
the boy who is reading was reading .	was the boy who is reading reading ?
the horses who have called some boy would fall .	would the horses who have called some boy fall ?
those horses that have drawn do work .	do those horses that have drawn work ?
those boys who did watch those horses were falling .	were those boys who did watch those horses falling ?
the children who this child does reach were falling .	were the children who this child does reach falling ?
some baby who was seeing some boy has watched the child behind the girl .	has some baby who was seeing some boy watched the child behind the girl ?
this boy that some horse has known can play .	can this boy that some horse has known play ?
some people that some animal is calling were watching those boys behind some animal .	were some people that some animal is calling watching those boys behind some animal ?
this animal who those animals were picking has picked some horse by this baby .	has this animal who those animals were picking picked some horse by this baby ?
the girl who has walked is picking this child who some girl was knowing .	is the girl who has walked picking this child who some girl was knowing ?
those horses who some animal has reached do pick those children that some horses do reach .	do those horses who some animal has reached pick those children that some horses do reach ?
some children that those boys would know were walking .	were some children that those boys would know walking ?
some children who the person did find have drawn .	have some children who the person did find drawn ?
those babies who some children were visiting do pick the people by the horse .	do those babies who some children were visiting pick the people by the horse ?
the horses who the boys have seen would reach some girls by some baby .	would the horses who the boys have seen reach some girls by some baby ?
some person who this horse has visited was seeing some girls .	was some person who this horse has visited seeing some girls ?
those horses who can see some boys have played .	have those horses who can see some boys played ?
this baby that some boy would watch has talked .	has this baby that some boy would watch talked ?
the child who is watching the people has helped some horse that shall try .	has the child who is watching the people helped some horse that shall try ?
the animal who would feed some boy was siting .	was the animal who would feed some boy siting ?
the girl that was knowing this girl would fall .	would the girl that was knowing this girl fall ?
some horse who is calling the child has watched the girl .	has some horse who is calling the child watched the girl ?
some children who the child did find were seeing those horses .	were some children who the child did find seeing those horses ?
some babies that have picked some animals were helping the babies .	were some babies that have picked some animals helping the babies ?
some boy who those horses were reaching does call the babies .	does some boy who those horses were reaching call the babies ?
the girls who the people do visit are seeing some baby who the people have visited .	are the girls who the people do visit seeing some baby who the people have visited ?
some person who the person can call was walking .	was some person who the person can call walking ?
some people who some babies are calling shall help the child behind this boy .	shall some people who some babies are calling help the child behind this boy ?
this baby that the baby has reached did read .	did this baby that the baby has reached read ?
the boy who is playing was feeding some animal behind the child .	was the boy who is playing feeding some animal behind the child ?
this boy that some babies can see has read .	has this boy that some babies can see read ?
this person that has picked the girls can draw .	can this person that has picked the girls draw ?
the person that would find some girl has slept .	has the person that would find some girl slept ?
this animal that some boys were helping has reached some boys behind the horses .	has this animal that some boys were helping reached some boys behind the horses ?
the girl that is reaching the people does read .	does the girl that is reaching the people read ?
some person who has walked does sit .	does some person who has walked sit ?
the horses who were siting do walk .	do the horses who were siting walk ?
the person who shall feed some horse did draw .	did the person who shall feed some horse draw ?
some baby who some people do reach can see this child that the girls do see .	can some baby who some people do reach see this child that the girls do see ?
this girl who those girls can know was falling .	was this girl who those girls can know falling ?
those babies that do visit the horse would pick the animals by some animals .	would those babies that do visit the horse pick the animals by some animals ?
this girl who some baby can call did feed those people by those horses .	did this girl who some baby can call feed those people by those horses ?
the boy who did draw is trying .	is the boy who did draw trying ?
those girls who were finding the person are finding this baby behind those animals .	are those girls who were finding the person finding this baby behind those animals ?
the boys that have talked are calling this horse .	are the boys that have talked calling this horse ?
this horse who some boys have visited was knowing some babies .	was this horse who some boys have visited knowing some babies ?
the people who are sleeping have walked .	have the people who are sleeping walked ?
some people who some girl would see do feed this horse by the animals .	do some people who some girl would see feed this horse by the animals ?
this horse that has visited those girls is finding some horse who those babies have helped .	is this horse that has visited those girls finding some horse who those babies have helped ?
the boys that have watched some babies were playing .	were the boys that have watched some babies playing ?
this child who would feed some horses does know the children who are feeding this person .	does this child who would feed some horses know the children who are feeding this person ?
the person that is playing shall reach some baby by those children .	shall the person that is playing reach some baby by those children ?
some people who the boy would reach have called some people by this baby .	have some people who the boy would reach called some people by this baby ?
those boys who are reaching some girls can try .	can those boys who are reaching some girls try ?
some people that were visiting some girls are talking .	are some people that were visiting some girls talking ?
some people that were helping the girls can sit .	can some people that were helping the girls sit ?
this person that some boys were watching does find some child by the animal .	does this person that some boys were watching find some child by the animal ?
the girls who were finding some boy are helping the babies who were reaching those animals .	are the girls who were finding some boy helping the babies who were reaching those animals ?
the baby that this baby was finding has found some girls by some baby .	has the baby that this baby was finding found some girls by some baby ?
some babies who some animal shall see were seeing the girls .	were some babies who some animal shall see seeing the girls ?
some horse that is watching some boy would watch those babies who would fall .	would some horse that is watching some boy watch those babies who would fall ?
some person that has read was helping some boy who has sat .	was some person that has read helping some boy who has sat ?
some boy that the children have visited does call some horses behind some animals .	does some boy that the children have visited call some horses behind some animals ?
the child that some people were seeing was falling .	was the child that some people were seeing falling ?
some girl who has known the child was visiting some horses .	was some girl who has known the child visiting some horses ?
the babies who the child did visit are seeing the people by those people .	are the babies who the child did visit seeing the people by those people ?
some animals that were reading are walking .	are some animals that were reading walking ?
those children who those animals shall reach have slept .	have those children who those animals shall reach slept ?
those horses who this child did help can walk .	can those horses who this child did help walk ?
this boy who was finding the girls has found those animals by some babies .	has this boy who was finding the girls found those animals by some babies ?
some horses that this person is feeding were drawing .	were some horses that this person is feeding drawing ?
the boys who can visit the baby did play .	did the boys who can visit the baby play ?
the people who some boy was visiting were visiting this baby behind the babies .	were the people who some boy was visiting visiting this baby behind the babies ?
this girl who does help the baby shall try .	shall this girl who does help the baby try ?
those people who shall pick the boys have walked .	have those people who shall pick the boys walked ?
the horse that the horse has called did feed the baby .	did the horse that the horse has called feed the baby ?
this animal that some children do call is watching some girl by some people .	is this animal that some children do call watching some girl by some people ?
the child that shall help the boys can reach the person behind the boy .	can the child that shall help the boys reach the person behind the boy ?
some boys who have reached some animals do find the people by the horse .	do some boys who have reached some animals find the people by the horse ?
this person who those boys are watching would talk .	would this person who those boys are watching talk ?
this boy who is reaching the people was drawing .	was this boy who is reaching the people drawing ?
some child that is picking those girls can draw .	can some child that is picking those girls draw ?
some boy that has fallen does watch some horse by the person .	does some boy that has fallen watch some horse by the person ?
this person who some baby was visiting would talk .	would this person who some baby was visiting talk ?
those people that have drawn do visit some horses by some horses .	do those people that have drawn visit some horses by some horses ?
some animal who the baby has helped does sit .	does some animal who the baby has helped sit ?
those people who were siting are trying .	are those people who were siting trying ?
some boys who have helped some baby did sit .	did some boys who have helped some baby sit ?
the children who can find some children have played .	have the children who can find some children played ?
the children that did sit would play .	would the children that did sit play ?
those people who would feed this boy do sit .	do those people who would feed this boy sit ?
those girls that some baby would watch have drawn .	have those girls that some baby would watch drawn ?
some babies who were siting are siting .	are some babies who were siting siting ?
some animals that those girls were reaching would find some babies .	would some animals that those girls were reaching find some babies ?
this horse who has helped the horse would visit some horses by the boy .	would this horse who has helped the horse visit some horses by the boy ?
this baby that has picked the person does draw .	does this baby that has picked the person draw ?
some babies who this child did call have visited this horse that the babies are finding .	have some babies who this child did call visited this horse that the babies are finding ?
some boy who is calling this girl has known some girl behind those babies .	has some boy who is calling this girl known some girl behind those babies ?
this boy who is trying has known some person who is visiting some boy .	has this boy who is trying known some person who is visiting some boy ?
the animals that can feed those horses have worked .	have the animals that can feed those horses worked ?
some babies that are calling the animals have worked .	have some babies that are calling the animals worked ?
some animals that have known those babies were knowing the boy behind some boys .	were some animals that have known those babies knowing the boy behind some boys ?
some girl who some boys have known did play .	did some girl who some boys have known play ?
the girl who those children are finding was watching the horses that are reaching the children .	was the girl who those children are finding watching the horses that are reaching the children ?
the person that would feed some girls was knowing the horse by some children .	was the person that would feed some girls knowing the horse by some children ?
some animals who have visited some horse are knowing some people who would find the children .	are some animals who have visited some horse knowing some people who would find the children ?
some animals who some boys were calling have fed some horse by the boys .	have some animals who some boys were calling fed some horse by the boys ?
some girls that shall call some children have talked .	have some girls that shall call some children talked ?
the children that were helping this boy are picking the boy behind the child .	are the children that were helping this boy picking the boy behind the child ?
this boy who those animals have helped is siting .	is this boy who those animals have helped siting ?
some girl who would watch those children was watching those people that some horse can call .	was some girl who would watch those children watching those people that some horse can call ?
the children who shall help the animals are calling the person by the girls .	are the children who shall help the animals calling the person by the girls ?
some girl that those boys have known is falling .	is some girl that those boys have known falling ?
those horses who the animal was knowing are helping some child .	are those horses who the animal was knowing helping some child ?
some girl that the boy can see did see the baby .	did some girl that the boy can see see the baby ?
those animals who are finding those people have worked .	have those animals who are finding those people worked ?
those boys who the girl does visit were reading .	were those boys who the girl does visit reading ?
the animal who has called some animal did fall .	did the animal who has called some animal fall ?
this baby that is drawing has watched this child who this animal is calling .	has this baby that is drawing watched this child who this animal is calling ?
the person that this horse does find would watch this girl who the people were reaching .	would the person that this horse does find watch this girl who the people were reaching ?
the boys who were reaching the babies would pick the babies behind those horses .	would the boys who were reaching the babies pick the babies behind those horses ?
the horse that has worked was playing .	was the horse that has worked playing ?
this child that the children were finding has sat .	has this child that the children were finding sat ?
the children who are watching the person were walking .	were the children who are watching the person walking ?
the baby who those babies were seeing has picked the children who have read .	has the baby who those babies were seeing picked the children who have read ?
those horses that the child is visiting shall find the animal by those girls .	shall those horses that the child is visiting find the animal by those girls ?
some baby that this girl would call has watched some children .	has some baby that this girl would call watched some children ?
the person that some animal was reaching has sat .	has the person that some animal was reaching sat ?
some baby who has played does know those girls that those boys were visiting .	does some baby who has played know those girls that those boys were visiting ?
some person who shall fall was visiting the boys by some animals .	was some person who shall fall visiting the boys by some animals ?
some baby that was talking can help some babies by those babies .	can some baby that was talking help some babies by those babies ?
some boys who some girl shall pick do play .	do some boys who some girl shall pick play ?
this animal who shall try has called the horse by the people .	has this animal who shall try called the horse by the people ?
the girl that was finding this girl has slept .	has the girl that was finding this girl slept ?
the horses that some person has called are picking the people that this baby has visited .	are the horses that some person has called picking the people that this baby has visited ?
some children who were feeding some person shall read .	shall some children who were feeding some person read ?
this horse who shall pick some girl has picked some baby by the people .	has this horse who shall pick some girl picked some baby by the people ?
some boy who would work did help some girl who has fed some person .	did some boy who would work help some girl who has fed some person ?
those animals who do draw are siting .	are those animals who do draw siting ?
some animal that did talk has fallen .	has some animal that did talk fallen ?
the boys that were watching this person do pick some boy .	do the boys that were watching this person pick some boy ?
this baby who has known some people was siting .	was this baby who has known some people siting ?
some children that are feeding the boy shall fall .	shall some children that are feeding the boy fall ?
those people who those babies have reached are sleeping .	are those people who those babies have reached sleeping ?
some girls who some children shall watch did know those girls by this horse .	did some girls who some children shall watch know those girls by this horse ?
the horse that would visit the animals did visit this baby .	did the horse that would visit the animals visit this baby ?
those boys who the girl has called were seeing the animals by the person .	were those boys who the girl has called seeing the animals by the person ?
the child who those boys have picked would see some boys .	would the child who those boys have picked see some boys ?
the boys who can pick some boys shall fall .	shall the boys who can pick some boys fall ?
those boys who have reached some person shall find those horses .	shall those boys who have reached some person find those horses ?
some girl who was walking shall walk .	shall some girl who was walking walk ?
the baby who the people were calling did try .	did the baby who the people were calling try ?
those children that have fallen are finding the child that was helping some horses .	are those children that have fallen finding the child that was helping some horses ?
the babies who have called the horse can try .	can the babies who have called the horse try ?
some child who did draw is helping this horse .	is some child who did draw helping this horse ?
those horses who are working shall pick those children that do visit some animal .	shall those horses who are working pick those children that do visit some animal ?
some animals who those animals have seen were walking .	were some animals who those animals have seen walking ?
the children that the girl has found were reaching those girls by those horses .	were the children that the girl has found reaching those girls by those horses ?
some baby that has called those boys shall see the person by this child .	shall some baby that has called those boys see the person by this child ?
those girls who have walked can see the girl who was playing .	can those girls who have walked see the girl who was playing ?
the person who some animal would know has found those horses that were picking the boys .	has the person who some animal would know found those horses that were picking the boys ?
this boy that is picking some animals has played .	has this boy that is picking some animals played ?
the boy that has visited this girl is reading .	is the boy that has visited this girl reading ?
some person that shall draw is knowing those boys by those people .	is some person that shall draw knowing those boys by those people ?
some horses that are picking some person would sleep .	would some horses that are picking some person sleep ?
the people who are playing have fed this girl by some girls .	have the people who are playing fed this girl by some girls ?
this girl that has talked shall call the child behind the girls .	shall this girl that has talked call the child behind the girls ?
the animals that some horse did visit have walked .	have the animals that some horse did visit walked ?
those animals who did visit the girls are drawing .	are those animals who did visit the girls drawing ?
some person who those girls do call is talking .	is some person who those girls do call talking ?
the child who is helping those girls has talked .	has the child who is helping those girls talked ?
those boys that did know the horse are working .	are those boys that did know the horse working ?
some people who shall reach those horses are siting .	are some people who shall reach those horses siting ?
some girl that the person has helped is talking .	is some girl that the person has helped talking ?
those animals that some boys were visiting are reaching those horses who this girl has helped .	are those animals that some boys were visiting reaching those horses who this girl has helped ?
those babies that shall know some children were drawing .	were those babies that shall know some children drawing ?
this girl who is watching the boys does reach those girls who the baby has reached .	does this girl who is watching the boys reach those girls who the baby has reached ?
some animals that the baby has found were siting .	were some animals that the baby has found siting ?
this person who some animals were reaching has visited some girl .	has this person who some animals were reaching visited some girl ?
some horses that have watched some boy did read .	did some horses that have watched some boy read ?
those people who do reach some people are working .	are those people who do reach some people working ?
some boy that shall know those horses has sat .	has some boy that shall know those horses sat ?
some horses that those people have known can play .	can some horses that those people have known play ?
some horse that some animals have seen was trying .	was some horse that some animals have seen trying ?
this person who is siting has fallen .	has this person who is siting fallen ?
those girls who those babies were feeding are watching the animals who do watch the boys .	are those girls who those babies were feeding watching the animals who do watch the boys ?
those children who are watching those girls would sleep .	would those children who are watching those girls sleep ?
those people that some person can see shall find those children by this animal .	shall those people that some person can see find those children by this animal ?
some baby who some boy is calling was playing .	was some baby who some boy is calling playing ?
the person that is helping some girls has played .	has the person that is helping some girls played ?
the horses who were watching some horse are walking .	are the horses who were watching some horse walking ?
some people that would call those people were reading .	were some people that would call those people reading ?
some animals that are siting can sleep .	can some animals that are siting sleep ?
some animals who were calling the horses have reached some child by some horses .	have some animals who were calling the horses reached some child by some horses ?
some boy that was calling the animal has tried .	has some boy that was calling the animal tried ?
the girls who the horses have called would walk .	would the girls who the horses have called walk ?
the animals who have watched some baby would try .	would the animals who have watched some baby try ?
this baby who has fed the girls shall see some people behind some horses .	shall this baby who has fed the girls see some people behind some horses ?
this girl who the horse was picking would play .	would this girl who the horse was picking play ?
this girl that this girl shall pick has read .	has this girl that this girl shall pick read ?
some animals who this baby has helped have picked the boy by the animals .	have some animals who this baby has helped picked the boy by the animals ?
the horses who are watching those babies would visit the horse that has picked the horses .	would the horses who are watching those babies visit the horse that has picked the horses ?
some girl who has found the children was siting .	was some girl who has found the children siting ?
those animals that have visited some animal did draw .	did those animals that have visited some animal draw ?
some baby who the child does know is seeing some horse who those children would reach .	is some baby who the child does know seeing some horse who those children would reach ?
this person who would sit is talking .	is this person who would sit talking ?
some child that this boy would reach was visiting those horses .	was some child that this boy would reach visiting those horses ?
some baby that this person can know shall help some boy .	shall some baby that this person can know help some boy ?
some girl that is sleeping would sit .	would some girl that is sleeping sit ?
the animals who are feeding some animals do talk .	do the animals who are feeding some animals talk ?
some people that some animal has visited are playing .	are some people that some animal has visited playing ?
some horse that some person was picking can try .	can some horse that some person was picking try ?
those horses that those girls are calling shall fall .	shall those horses that those girls are calling fall ?
some animal that the animals can help has known some people .	has some animal that the animals can help known some people ?
those horses who the girls have picked are trying .	are those horses who the girls have picked trying ?
some animal who has worked can sleep .	can some animal who has worked sleep ?
some baby that some people do reach shall sleep .	shall some baby that some people do reach sleep ?
some boys who are finding the boy have tried .	have some boys who are finding the boy tried ?
the boys that were drawing would visit the person .	would the boys that were drawing visit the person ?
the girl who shall know this child has tried .	has the girl who shall know this child tried ?
the horse who is reading does know some horse that this person has seen .	does the horse who is reading know some horse that this person has seen ?
the horses who shall know some animal do pick those people by this baby .	do the horses who shall know some animal pick those people by this baby ?
some horses who do see this horse are falling .	are some horses who do see this horse falling ?
some boy that is picking the boys does draw .	does some boy that is picking the boys draw ?
this baby who the girls can reach is walking .	is this baby who the girls can reach walking ?
some baby that the animal would feed shall work .	shall some baby that the animal would feed work ?
the baby that some horse was feeding does talk .	does the baby that some horse was feeding talk ?
the girl that those children are calling is siting .	is the girl that those children are calling siting ?
the girls who have tried did play .	did the girls who have tried play ?
those horses who the people are picking have read .	have those horses who the people are picking read ?
those people who are sleeping were working .	were those people who are sleeping working ?
the horse who this boy was helping has helped the boy behind some child .	has the horse who this boy was helping helped the boy behind some child ?
those children who can watch some animals are talking .	are those children who can watch some animals talking ?
the baby that would visit some babies has picked the animals .	has the baby that would visit some babies picked the animals ?
those animals who some babies are picking have worked .	have those animals who some babies are picking worked ?
this girl who this person has reached does play .	does this girl who this person has reached play ?
some girl who is picking this horse was working .	was some girl who is picking this horse working ?
some child that was working has reached this person .	has some child that was working reached this person ?
the horse that was watching the people did pick those horses .	did the horse that was watching the people pick those horses ?
this girl who has seen some horses does reach those people .	does this girl who has seen some horses reach those people ?
the babies who are sleeping shall find those horses who did draw .	shall the babies who are sleeping find those horses who did draw ?
some boys who have helped the boy are playing .	are some boys who have helped the boy playing ?
this person who does help those horses has tried .	has this person who does help those horses tried ?
the boys that some horses are picking have read .	have the boys that some horses are picking read ?
this horse who shall call the animal has reached those horses behind this boy .	has this horse who shall call the animal reached those horses behind this boy ?
the people that have sat were sleeping .	were the people that have sat sleeping ?
the horses that were visiting the girl have fallen .	have the horses that were visiting the girl fallen ?
the animals that were walking are reaching the horses by some person .	are the animals that were walking reaching the horses by some person ?
the babies that the animals were helping have known some horses behind the animal .	have the babies that the animals were helping known some horses behind the animal ?
some children who some people shall reach are working .	are some children who some people shall reach working ?
the boys who have seen the baby would sleep .	would the boys who have seen the baby sleep ?
this child who those people have known has walked .	has this child who those people have known walked ?
those animals who are reaching those people have reached some animal by the horse .	have those animals who are reaching those people reached some animal by the horse ?
those people that have picked this horse are reading .	are those people that have picked this horse reading ?
the horse that the animal shall call was walking .	was the horse that the animal shall call walking ?
some girl who has fed some animals is helping the animals behind some people .	is some girl who has fed some animals helping the animals behind some people ?
this baby that is reaching this animal does draw .	does this baby that is reaching this animal draw ?
some child that was feeding some boys has sat .	has some child that was feeding some boys sat ?
the girl that has called this horse would see some people behind the girls .	would the girl that has called this horse see some people behind the girls ?
the girls that have talked did try .	did the girls that have talked try ?
those people that some children were feeding have called the children that have read .	have those people that some children were feeding called the children that have read ?
those animals that those babies have seen were knowing those boys by some horse .	were those animals that those babies have seen knowing those boys by some horse ?
those animals that are reaching this animal would visit those children by those babies .	would those animals that are reaching this animal visit those children by those babies ?
the boy that those horses have known was helping some boys by those girls .	was the boy that those horses have known helping some boys by those girls ?
some boy who this baby can find does draw .	does some boy who this baby can find draw ?
the baby that is knowing those animals would try .	would the baby that is knowing those animals try ?
some boys who are picking this animal can watch those children .	can some boys who are picking this animal watch those children ?
the children that have seen some boy did find the girls that this animal was reaching .	did the children that have seen some boy find the girls that this animal was reaching ?
some people who shall play were helping those people by the girl .	were some people who shall play helping those people by the girl ?
those babies who shall sleep have seen some children by the girl .	have those babies who shall sleep seen some children by the girl ?
some girls who have known this child were working .	were some girls who have known this child working ?
this girl that some boys are calling was siting .	was this girl that some boys are calling siting ?
this child that the animals did watch shall know the child who some animals have watched .	shall this child that the animals did watch know the child who some animals have watched ?
this girl who those horses shall call has visited the babies .	has this girl who those horses shall call visited the babies ?
the babies that the children shall know do fall .	do the babies that the children shall know fall ?
those horses that can watch the boys were sleeping .	were those horses that can watch the boys sleeping ?
the people that can reach some children did visit some children by the children .	did the people that can reach some children visit some children by the children ?
this horse that some people were finding is sleeping .	is this horse that some people were finding sleeping ?
some people that have tried were knowing those babies who the child has seen .	were some people that have tried knowing those babies who the child has seen ?
the boy who some boys did feed would call the people .	would the boy who some boys did feed call the people ?
those babies who shall see this child have watched the horses behind this animal .	have those babies who shall see this child watched the horses behind this animal ?
the person who has picked the horses is finding this boy who does fall .	is the person who has picked the horses finding this boy who does fall ?
those girls who shall reach those children would watch the animals .	would those girls who shall reach those children watch the animals ?
some baby who the boy did call has played .	has some baby who the boy did call played ?
some babies who some girl has picked did call some children by the people .	did some babies who some girl has picked call some children by the people ?
this person that some horses have reached does watch this girl by this horse .	does this person that some horses have reached watch this girl by this horse ?
this child who is talking has found some boy behind the child .	has this child who is talking found some boy behind the child ?
some animal who was sleeping is reaching some animal behind those children .	is some animal who was sleeping reaching some animal behind those children ?
some girl who the boys were finding has read .	has some girl who the boys were finding read ?
some boy who would call this baby has known the animal by the people .	has some boy who would call this baby known the animal by the people ?
some girls who those babies would see have slept .	have some girls who those babies would see slept ?
the boy who some children have picked can help some children who were siting .	can the boy who some children have picked help some children who were siting ?
the girls that this person has helped shall visit this girl .	shall the girls that this person has helped visit this girl ?
some horses that shall sleep do feed the babies behind the horse .	do some horses that shall sleep feed the babies behind the horse ?
some babies that the babies have visited were walking .	were some babies that the babies have visited walking ?
some babies that were picking this person are knowing those boys by those boys .	are some babies that were picking this person knowing those boys by those boys ?
some babies who those animals were reaching shall know the horses behind the horses .	shall some babies who those animals were reaching know the horses behind the horses ?
some boys who those girls were knowing would reach the babies .	would some boys who those girls were knowing reach the babies ?
those animals who have fed some girl can reach the girl .	can those animals who have fed some girl reach the girl ?
the horse that is calling some horse shall pick this person who the animals have seen .	shall the horse that is calling some horse pick this person who the animals have seen ?
those babies that the person has helped did watch this person that has watched some boy .	did those babies that the person has helped watch this person that has watched some boy ?
some child that was watching those animals does draw .	does some child that was watching those animals draw ?
the baby that was seeing the horse has drawn .	has the baby that was seeing the horse drawn ?
the horse who some boys would feed is picking this animal behind the animal .	is the horse who some boys would feed picking this animal behind the animal ?
some boys that some person is helping were calling the baby .	were some boys that some person is helping calling the baby ?
some children that this person would see have walked .	have some children that this person would see walked ?
the boys who have seen the person were watching some horses .	were the boys who have seen the person watching some horses ?
the boys that some person was feeding were visiting this boy by the girls .	were the boys that some person was feeding visiting this boy by the girls ?
those animals who this horse is reaching did fall .	did those animals who this horse is reaching fall ?
some babies that have fed this boy can sit .	can some babies that have fed this boy sit ?
some animals that were drawing are siting .	are some animals that were drawing siting ?
the person that those girls have fed was finding the animal .	was the person that those girls have fed finding the animal ?
some horse that this animal was picking has played .	has some horse that this animal was picking played ?
this animal that some girl can visit does talk .	does this animal that some girl can visit talk ?
some animal who those children did reach has read .	has some animal who those children did reach read ?
the horses who some horse shall find do visit the child that has reached the animal .	do the horses who some horse shall find visit the child that has reached the animal ?
some children that were falling shall call the girl behind this boy .	shall some children that were falling call the girl behind this boy ?
some horses that the girl does help were drawing .	were some horses that the girl does help drawing ?
this child that some children have helped has watched this baby behind the person .	has this child that some children have helped watched this baby behind the person ?
the babies that have visited those girls can watch this girl .	can the babies that have visited those girls watch this girl ?
those animals who the people would find have helped some people .	have those animals who the people would find helped some people ?
some girls that some child has called have helped some person behind the babies .	have some girls that some child has called helped some person behind the babies ?
some animals who have reached some boy were seeing the person .	were some animals who have reached some boy seeing the person ?
those girls who the animals did see can talk .	can those girls who the animals did see talk ?
some animals who this child has reached did sleep .	did some animals who this child has reached sleep ?
some horses who have known the animals did know some person by this girl .	did some horses who have known the animals know some person by this girl ?
some boy that some horses were calling was trying .	was some boy that some horses were calling trying ?
the girls that the boys are calling were trying .	were the girls that the boys are calling trying ?
the person who was reaching some girl has watched this boy by some animal .	has the person who was reaching some girl watched this boy by some animal ?
some girl that some horse has seen does feed the girl .	does some girl that some horse has seen feed the girl ?
those children that do know those people have fallen .	have those children that do know those people fallen ?
the people that those girls did watch are trying .	are the people that those girls did watch trying ?
some animals who this girl was feeding did help the animal who did visit the babies .	did some animals who this girl was feeding help the animal who did visit the babies ?
those boys that can pick some children are talking .	are those boys that can pick some children talking ?
those girls who this horse would know have watched some babies by this child .	have those girls who this horse would know watched some babies by this child ?
some girl that can fall is walking .	is some girl that can fall walking ?
the animals who can try shall read .	shall the animals who can try read ?
some children who do fall are reading .	are some children who do fall reading ?
the horse that those boys can help is knowing this baby by the girl .	is the horse that those boys can help knowing this baby by the girl ?
the boys who have called those babies can reach those children who the girls have found .	can the boys who have called those babies reach those children who the girls have found ?
the horse who can work was helping some horse by the horses .	was the horse who can work helping some horse by the horses ?
the boy that did visit the horse shall know some child that shall feed the baby .	shall the boy that did visit the horse know some child that shall feed the baby ?
those animals that some horses did watch have sat .	have those animals that some horses did watch sat ?
some person who has slept can visit this horse that was working .	can some person who has slept visit this horse that was working ?
the horse that some boy did know has played .	has the horse that some boy did know played ?
those girls that those animals have fed were working .	were those girls that those animals have fed working ?
the girl that has worked was trying .	was the girl that has worked trying ?
the girl who the children have picked would read .	would the girl who the children have picked read ?
some boys who some people are calling can try .	can some boys who some people are calling try ?
this person who this person can visit was knowing this animal who was picking the people .	was this person who this person can visit knowing this animal who was picking the people ?
some horses that are seeing some animal have known some people that those animals have found .	have some horses that are seeing some animal known some people that those animals have found ?
those animals who those horses have visited are reaching some boy by this girl .	are those animals who those horses have visited reaching some boy by this girl ?
some child who some girl was calling shall sit .	shall some child who some girl was calling sit ?
the girl who those children did pick is helping the horses by some boys .	is the girl who those children did pick helping the horses by some boys ?
the girls who are trying have found this girl by some boy .	have the girls who are trying found this girl by some boy ?
some horse who did find this boy can sleep .	can some horse who did find this boy sleep ?
some children that can reach the child were reaching this baby that does sit .	were some children that can reach the child reaching this baby that does sit ?
some animal who those boys shall watch can sleep .	can some animal who those boys shall watch sleep ?
the horses who have helped the horse shall sit .	shall the horses who have helped the horse sit ?
those babies who the horse shall watch are trying .	are those babies who the horse shall watch trying ?
some children who some children can reach have seen those animals .	have some children who some children can reach seen those animals ?
the horse who those horses have known shall call the horses that are feeding this animal .	shall the horse who those horses have known call the horses that are feeding this animal ?
some girls who have found the boys were walking .	were some girls who have found the boys walking ?
the girls who shall call those girls did know those people that this person has picked .	did the girls who shall call those girls know those people that this person has picked ?
the children who were helping the girl have slept .	have the children who were helping the girl slept ?
the boys who some child was helping shall call some boy by the children .	shall the boys who some child was helping call some boy by the children ?
this girl that has fallen can find the girl behind those boys .	can this girl that has fallen find the girl behind those boys ?
this boy who is watching some horses has worked .	has this boy who is watching some horses worked ?
this boy who would try has reached the babies by this child .	has this boy who would try reached the babies by this child ?
the person that has watched some children is walking .	is the person that has watched some children walking ?
the boys that those boys have picked would play .	would the boys that those boys have picked play ?
the children who are feeding the children have seen those horses by some boy .	have the children who are feeding the children seen those horses by some boy ?
the animal that some babies were helping would read .	would the animal that some babies were helping read ?
the boy who can watch some girl did work .	did the boy who can watch some girl work ?
the animals that the horse was watching have known this child who does read .	have the animals that the horse was watching known this child who does read ?
this boy that the girl was seeing is calling some animals by those people .	is this boy that the girl was seeing calling some animals by those people ?
this horse who was watching some children has read .	has this horse who was watching some children read ?
the animal who this animal was visiting does sleep .	does the animal who this animal was visiting sleep ?
the child who can feed those boys shall pick the children who those girls have watched .	shall the child who can feed those boys pick the children who those girls have watched ?
the children who were calling this girl have talked .	have the children who were calling this girl talked ?
some babies who shall sit do pick those babies that those people did feed .	do some babies who shall sit pick those babies that those people did feed ?
those girls that some person shall find were reading .	were those girls that some person shall find reading ?
some children that have helped some animals were calling some horses who shall walk .	were some children that have helped some animals calling some horses who shall walk ?
some children who the horse has fed are reading .	are some children who the horse has fed reading ?
some people that can sit do draw .	do some people that can sit draw ?
some person who is reaching some child was reading .	was some person who is reaching some child reading ?
those children that some girl does know were working .	were those children that some girl does know working ?
the person who has helped some horses is watching those babies that have tried .	is the person who has helped some horses watching those babies that have tried ?
some person who the person shall watch has helped some girls by some child .	has some person who the person shall watch helped some girls by some child ?
some boys who some children are knowing can sit .	can some boys who some children are knowing sit ?
the boy who has talked is drawing .	is the boy who has talked drawing ?
some girls that have found some person are falling .	are some girls that have found some person falling ?
the animals who are reaching those babies shall sleep .	shall the animals who are reaching those babies sleep ?
some person who can read has worked .	has some person who can read worked ?
this girl who does reach the boys has talked .	has this girl who does reach the boys talked ?
the children that have called this animal would walk .	would the children that have called this animal walk ?
this person that did walk is finding the babies who have reached the horses .	is this person that did walk finding the babies who have reached the horses ?
some horse who is walking does play .	does some horse who is walking play ?
this baby that some babies have helped has talked .	has this baby that some babies have helped talked ?
some boy who has read did help some girl behind the animal .	did some boy who has read help some girl behind the animal ?
those animals that were seeing this child would pick some boys .	would those animals that were seeing this child pick some boys ?
the animals that would pick the animal are walking .	are the animals that would pick the animal walking ?
this animal who can visit the boys was trying .	was this animal who can visit the boys trying ?
the girls that some boys do pick have reached some horses .	have the girls that some boys do pick reached some horses ?
those boys that are visiting the horses were calling the boys behind this girl .	were those boys that are visiting the horses calling the boys behind this girl ?
some people that do help the animal have tried .	have some people that do help the animal tried ?
some girl who was siting does sit .	does some girl who was siting sit ?
some person who did play is walking .	is some person who did play walking ?
those people that were seeing some person are talking .	are those people that were seeing some person talking ?
the child who is feeding those animals was watching the boy .	was the child who is feeding those animals watching the boy ?
some people that have read are falling .	are some people that have read falling ?
the girl that is picking the babies has fed the child that is calling the horse .	has the girl that is picking the babies fed the child that is calling the horse ?
this baby who did work can call the baby who some person has called .	can this baby who did work call the baby who some person has called ?
the animals who are feeding the child shall work .	shall the animals who are feeding the child work ?
some people who are finding the people were drawing .	were some people who are finding the people drawing ?
the animal who has slept can visit some animals behind the animals .	can the animal who has slept visit some animals behind the animals ?
some baby who some animal was watching does play .	does some baby who some animal was watching play ?
this boy that is finding the child has watched the animals by those horses .	has this boy that is finding the child watched the animals by those horses ?
some girls who have helped those girls were siting .	were some girls who have helped those girls siting ?
the girl that some people do help would read .	would the girl that some people do help read ?
those babies who are falling have called the child behind those girls .	have those babies who are falling called the child behind those girls ?
some babies who have seen some horse are finding some horses by some boy .	are some babies who have seen some horse finding some horses by some boy ?
some animals that have read are siting .	are some animals that have read siting ?
this boy that the babies are calling does read .	does this boy that the babies are calling read ?
the animals that those children have helped did sit .	did the animals that those children have helped sit ?
some child who some babies have picked is siting .	is some child who some babies have picked siting ?
some people that the girls can pick shall try .	shall some people that the girls can pick try ?
some child that has drawn does walk .	does some child that has drawn walk ?
some person who has slept shall know some girl .	shall some person who has slept know some girl ?
those horses who this boy would visit have known some people .	have those horses who this boy would visit known some people ?
this person that was finding some boys has picked the babies that are seeing some girl .	has this person that was finding some boys picked the babies that are seeing some girl ?
this horse that those animals have known is drawing .	is this horse that those animals have known drawing ?
some horse that is picking some horse was finding the animals that did walk .	was some horse that is picking some horse finding the animals that did walk ?
this baby that those girls have helped has walked .	has this baby that those girls have helped walked ?
this baby who has played was working .	was this baby who has played working ?
some girls who can reach the children have watched some babies by some girls .	have some girls who can reach the children watched some babies by some girls ?
the girl that is helping some baby was seeing the children by the girl .	was the girl that is helping some baby seeing the children by the girl ?
the horses who were visiting some child are talking .	are the horses who were visiting some child talking ?
the girl who is seeing some animal did work .	did the girl who is seeing some animal work ?
the animal that would find the boy is working .	is the animal that would find the boy working ?
this baby who has fed this boy was picking this child by some animal .	was this baby who has fed this boy picking this child by some animal ?
some animals that have fallen would know those horses .	would some animals that have fallen know those horses ?
some horse who the animals are picking shall work .	shall some horse who the animals are picking work ?
the animals who those boys were seeing have watched this horse by this person .	have the animals who those boys were seeing watched this horse by this person ?
some boys that have fallen were talking .	were some boys that have fallen talking ?
the horse who has watched this boy is sleeping .	is the horse who has watched this boy sleeping ?
those animals that those people have picked are playing .	are those animals that those people have picked playing ?
this child that the children would visit did talk .	did this child that the children would visit talk ?
those people who have walked can talk .	can those people who have walked talk ?
the babies who those children have visited are seeing some person that was finding some baby .	are the babies who those children have visited seeing some person that was finding some baby ?
the boys who are feeding the people can help some girl who some boy does watch .	can the boys who are feeding the people help some girl who some boy does watch ?
the child who this girl has fed is finding this person who has found the boys .	is the child who this girl has fed finding this person who has found the boys ?
some people who this horse has known did play .	did some people who this horse has known play ?
some animals who are siting have fallen .	have some animals who are siting fallen ?
the babies who have slept would draw .	would the babies who have slept draw ?
some babies that have worked are finding some baby .	are some babies that have worked finding some baby ?
some animal who was walking does pick some children by some babies .	does some animal who was walking pick some children by some babies ?
some girls who did visit some babies have known some animals by those babies .	have some girls who did visit some babies known some animals by those babies ?
this child that has watched some animal is helping this boy by those horses .	is this child that has watched some animal helping this boy by those horses ?
this baby who the child has found is helping those animals by some boy .	is this baby who the child has found helping those animals by some boy ?
some baby who was falling has read .	has some baby who was falling read ?
some baby who some boy has watched would draw .	would some baby who some boy has watched draw ?
some babies who have seen the person would help the horse behind the person .	would some babies who have seen the person help the horse behind the person ?
those horses who some baby did help have visited the horses by the people .	have those horses who some baby did help visited the horses by the people ?
some boy who is trying has visited some baby who is visiting this animal .	has some boy who is trying visited some baby who is visiting this animal ?
some child that the baby was reaching does try .	does some child that the baby was reaching try ?
this child that the girls did watch would try .	would this child that the girls did watch try ?
those horses who shall try were picking the children .	were those horses who shall try picking the children ?
the people who can watch some babies have picked some animal by this animal .	have the people who can watch some babies picked some animal by this animal ?
this horse that has reached the child was feeding those animals that would pick some girls .	was this horse that has reached the child feeding those animals that would pick some girls ?
some girl who has fed some girl does know the horse behind some people .	does some girl who has fed some girl know the horse behind some people ?
the animals who have watched this animal are feeding this child by some animals .	are the animals who have watched this animal feeding this child by some animals ?
some boy who has reached some babies was siting .	was some boy who has reached some babies siting ?
those people who the horses did feed shall draw .	shall those people who the horses did feed draw ?
those horses that would pick some babies are playing .	are those horses that would pick some babies playing ?
the horse who would call some animal shall try .	shall the horse who would call some animal try ?
the person who does walk is calling this child by this girl .	is the person who does walk calling this child by this girl ?
the girl who was visiting some boys has read .	has the girl who was visiting some boys read ?
the baby who some girl did watch has played .	has the baby who some girl did watch played ?
some horses who have known those girls did walk .	did some horses who have known those girls walk ?
those people who can draw have slept .	have those people who can draw slept ?
some babies who this boy was watching can read .	can some babies who this boy was watching read ?
the people that some animals were helping do draw .	do the people that some animals were helping draw ?
the baby who some horses did pick would feed some animal .	would the baby who some horses did pick feed some animal ?
the boys who are seeing those people do sit .	do the boys who are seeing those people sit ?
those animals who have picked this person are feeding some baby who would help the girls .	are those animals who have picked this person feeding some baby who would help the girls ?
those animals that this child does see shall work .	shall those animals that this child does see work ?
the children that the horse is calling have helped the child .	have the children that the horse is calling helped the child ?
the animal who was picking some horses can talk .	can the animal who was picking some horses talk ?
this girl who is working was talking .	was this girl who is working talking ?
some person who the animals did see was knowing some animals who some girl has helped .	was some person who the animals did see knowing some animals who some girl has helped ?
this horse that some baby was helping has reached this girl by this boy .	has this horse that some baby was helping reached this girl by this boy ?
those horses who shall try have fed some children who were watching some animal .	have those horses who shall try fed some children who were watching some animal ?
the animals that the child is finding were calling some boy who was calling some boys .	were the animals that the child is finding calling some boy who was calling some boys ?
those boys that can reach this person were watching the boys .	were those boys that can reach this person watching the boys ?
the person that is knowing the horses was reading .	was the person that is knowing the horses reading ?
the boys who have walked were picking those babies by some babies .	were the boys who have walked picking those babies by some babies ?
those children who have read did reach the boys behind this baby .	did those children who have read reach the boys behind this baby ?
some animals who have seen the child shall walk .	shall some animals who have seen the child walk ?
the people that were working are reaching the animals behind the horses .	are the people that were working reaching the animals behind the horses ?
those children that some boy has helped can visit those girls behind the horses .	can those children that some boy has helped visit those girls behind the horses ?
some girl that the boys can find shall know those people .	shall some girl that the boys can find know those people ?
those children that shall visit those horses were trying .	were those children that shall visit those horses trying ?
the child that those boys did call shall play .	shall the child that those boys did call play ?
some horses that are trying would work .	would some horses that are trying work ?
those people that have picked the animal are knowing some person who has sat .	are those people that have picked the animal knowing some person who has sat ?
the baby that has reached those boys is walking .	is the baby that has reached those boys walking ?
some horse that has visited some horse was knowing some horse who is visiting this child .	was some horse that has visited some horse knowing some horse who is visiting this child ?
those horses who some people have found would play .	would those horses who some people have found play ?
some children who this horse has helped would walk .	would some children who this horse has helped walk ?
some person who the girl has fed shall visit the boys who some person was feeding .	shall some person who the girl has fed visit the boys who some person was feeding ?
those boys that do visit those animals have called this animal behind some girl .	have those boys that do visit those animals called this animal behind some girl ?
those babies that some babies did find have fed the girl behind some girl .	have those babies that some babies did find fed the girl behind some girl ?
some babies that are sleeping shall watch this baby by those girls .	shall some babies that are sleeping watch this baby by those girls ?
the horse who has tried is falling .	is the horse who has tried falling ?
the babies who the animal is feeding were working .	were the babies who the animal is feeding working ?
some baby who this child has picked did visit this horse .	did some baby who this child has picked visit this horse ?
this child who has drawn was visiting this animal that shall try .	was this child who has drawn visiting this animal that shall try ?
this horse who has seen those boys is knowing some baby .	is this horse who has seen those boys knowing some baby ?
those boys that have seen the children shall watch this animal .	shall those boys that have seen the children watch this animal ?
this person that some horses are watching was finding some animals .	was this person that some horses are watching finding some animals ?
this child who some girl has visited would draw .	would this child who some girl has visited draw ?
the person that did try has walked .	has the person that did try walked ?
this horse that some children can visit shall help those boys behind some children .	shall this horse that some children can visit help those boys behind some children ?
the person who has picked the girls shall walk .	shall the person who has picked the girls walk ?
some babies who this animal was seeing have talked .	have some babies who this animal was seeing talked ?
some babies who were knowing the child would sleep .	would some babies who were knowing the child sleep ?
some girl who shall feed those boys has sat .	has some girl who shall feed those boys sat ?
the people who are calling some girls were helping the person that those girls have helped .	were the people who are calling some girls helping the person that those girls have helped ?
this person that some child is feeding does work .	does this person that some child is feeding work ?
those animals who have watched the boys do play .	do those animals who have watched the boys play ?
the animal that has seen those animals was finding this person that has visited the boys .	was the animal that has seen those animals finding this person that has visited the boys ?
the animal who can see some girls was falling .	was the animal who can see some girls falling ?
those boys that can pick the animals have walked .	have those boys that can pick the animals walked ?
the child who would talk can play .	can the child who would talk play ?
this person who those people are watching would see some baby behind the girls .	would this person who those people are watching see some baby behind the girls ?
some person that some child has helped does talk .	does some person that some child has helped talk ?
some animal that the girls are reaching is feeding some child that the boy is visiting .	is some animal that the girls are reaching feeding some child that the boy is visiting ?
some baby who has tried is sleeping .	is some baby who has tried sleeping ?
the baby that does watch the children would play .	would the baby that does watch the children play ?
the boys who have visited some animals are picking those children behind those horses .	are the boys who have visited some animals picking those children behind those horses ?
those children who would fall shall try .	shall those children who would fall try ?
the person who was reaching those girls has tried .	has the person who was reaching those girls tried ?
the horse who was trying has fallen .	has the horse who was trying fallen ?
those girls that some child shall pick have watched those animals by this person .	have those girls that some child shall pick watched those animals by this person ?
some horses who some animals are seeing do call some person .	do some horses who some animals are seeing call some person ?
some boy that the boy was picking does read .	does some boy that the boy was picking read ?
this person that is reaching the boys can sleep .	can this person that is reaching the boys sleep ?
the animal who some horse did feed has picked the animals who are calling some people .	has the animal who some horse did feed picked the animals who are calling some people ?
some children that do fall have talked .	have some children that do fall talked ?
the child that those boys have seen did try .	did the child that those boys have seen try ?
some child who some girls were calling was helping some animals behind some children .	was some child who some girls were calling helping some animals behind some children ?
those people who have talked were helping the baby that the baby has called .	were those people who have talked helping the baby that the baby has called ?
some children that would watch the child are walking .	are some children that would watch the child walking ?
the child that shall watch the child would pick some horses who those animals were seeing .	would the child that shall watch the child pick some horses who those animals were seeing ?
this girl who some person is visiting did watch this baby by this person .	did this girl who some person is visiting watch this baby by this person ?
some girls who were feeding the children have seen the children behind some children .	have some girls who were feeding the children seen the children behind some children ?
some babies who some boy has picked did pick some animals by some girl .	did some babies who some boy has picked pick some animals by some girl ?
the animals who are knowing this baby were calling the horse by some babies .	were the animals who are knowing this baby calling the horse by some babies ?
some horses who were helping those babies shall call the girls by those horses .	shall some horses who were helping those babies call the girls by those horses ?
the boy who some person did call shall know the animal .	shall the boy who some person did call know the animal ?
the animal who was calling the girls does sleep .	does the animal who was calling the girls sleep ?
the girl that those animals are finding is playing .	is the girl that those animals are finding playing ?
those babies that have read are helping this child behind some girls .	are those babies that have read helping this child behind some girls ?
some animal who is sleeping would fall .	would some animal who is sleeping fall ?
those boys who were drawing have slept .	have those boys who were drawing slept ?
the girls who the children have picked are knowing this baby .	are the girls who the children have picked knowing this baby ?
some babies who have played were helping some child .	were some babies who have played helping some child ?
this boy that the girls did know has visited those horses behind some girls .	has this boy that the girls did know visited those horses behind some girls ?
the boy that has called this boy can walk .	can the boy that has called this boy walk ?
the boy who the people did call has visited the babies .	has the boy who the people did call visited the babies ?
those babies that this person was helping were helping this person by the babies .	were those babies that this person was helping helping this person by the babies ?
those babies who have seen the animal are feeding those babies by the baby .	are those babies who have seen the animal feeding those babies by the baby ?
this girl that has talked is sleeping .	is this girl that has talked sleeping ?
some girls who were knowing those girls have reached the girls behind some children .	have some girls who were knowing those girls reached the girls behind some children ?
the girls who were sleeping have reached some people that are watching this girl .	have the girls who were sleeping reached some people that are watching this girl ?
the babies who this person can feed do sit .	do the babies who this person can feed sit ?
the girls that can work do talk .	do the girls that can work talk ?
some people that the boy has called have seen the boy behind this person .	have some people that the boy has called seen the boy behind this person ?
this person who some boys were feeding has seen some boys by the girl .	has this person who some boys were feeding seen some boys by the girl ?
those people that the babies have helped can try .	can those people that the babies have helped try ?
some people who the people were picking have worked .	have some people who the people were picking worked ?
the people who this child is reaching have fallen .	have the people who this child is reaching fallen ?
some children who shall try would pick those people .	would some children who shall try pick those people ?
the boys who this animal is visiting can watch the girls by this boy .	can the boys who this animal is visiting watch the girls by this boy ?
those horses that the girl has fed have slept .	have those horses that the girl has fed slept ?
some boy that this horse shall find can fall .	can some boy that this horse shall find fall ?
this child who did see the horses has found the child by the child .	has this child who did see the horses found the child by the child ?
the animals that have found the boys shall feed this boy who did call this girl .	shall the animals that have found the boys feed this boy who did call this girl ?
the children who have sat would feed some horses by this baby .	would the children who have sat feed some horses by this baby ?
those babies that this boy shall reach would feed this horse .	would those babies that this boy shall reach feed this horse ?
those children who shall walk were working .	were those children who shall walk working ?
some baby that some animals do call was working .	was some baby that some animals do call working ?
those girls who can work were sleeping .	were those girls who can work sleeping ?
some people who have visited the child do walk .	do some people who have visited the child walk ?
this girl that is calling the girl has visited some horse that the person has known .	has this girl that is calling the girl visited some horse that the person has known ?
some boys who are talking have reached this girl by some animal .	have some boys who are talking reached this girl by some animal ?
some person that this animal was seeing can find those horses by some babies .	can some person that this animal was seeing find those horses by some babies ?
the girl who the girls were watching has seen the horses behind some child .	has the girl who the girls were watching seen the horses behind some child ?
those girls that were helping some people have walked .	have those girls that were helping some people walked ?
those animals that those girls are finding were drawing .	were those animals that those girls are finding drawing ?
some children who are talking have reached the horse by the boy .	have some children who are talking reached the horse by the boy ?
the horse who can know the boys would play .	would the horse who can know the boys play ?
the baby who is watching the boy would know the person who has helped the horse .	would the baby who is watching the boy know the person who has helped the horse ?
some girls that were reaching some babies are talking .	are some girls that were reaching some babies talking ?
the horse who some horse has picked would draw .	would the horse who some horse has picked draw ?
those girls who did call the person are reaching some girl behind some person .	are those girls who did call the person reaching some girl behind some person ?
the babies who those horses were reaching have visited the baby behind this animal .	have the babies who those horses were reaching visited the baby behind this animal ?
some animal that has sat shall draw .	shall some animal that has sat draw ?
those girls that some people are seeing do feed those children behind some girl .	do those girls that some people are seeing feed those children behind some girl ?
some horse that did know the baby has helped the babies by the children .	has some horse that did know the baby helped the babies by the children ?
the girls who can work have fallen .	have the girls who can work fallen ?
those horses that are watching some boys have tried .	have those horses that are watching some boys tried ?
some people who have seen some animal can feed the person .	can some people who have seen some animal feed the person ?
this girl that has seen the horses is working .	is this girl that has seen the horses working ?
this animal that is calling the horses would see the animal behind the horses .	would this animal that is calling the horses see the animal behind the horses ?
the children who can visit some girls have picked some person by some horse .	have the children who can visit some girls picked some person by some horse ?
some baby who this animal has known did visit some girl by those girls .	did some baby who this animal has known visit some girl by those girls ?
this animal that would pick the baby can sit .	can this animal that would pick the baby sit ?
those animals that this baby was visiting shall sit .	shall those animals that this baby was visiting sit ?
some children that the horses have called are working .	are some children that the horses have called working ?
those children that do visit the girl have watched those people by some girl .	have those children that do visit the girl watched those people by some girl ?
the horses that some horse is reaching would feed the children who were seeing this person .	would the horses that some horse is reaching feed the children who were seeing this person ?
the children that the girl would feed were walking .	were the children that the girl would feed walking ?
the people who do help those children would visit some horse that shall sleep .	would the people who do help those children visit some horse that shall sleep ?
the children who were walking have known some boys .	have the children who were walking known some boys ?
the people who some babies would pick did read .	did the people who some babies would pick read ?
this horse that this baby is picking can sleep .	can this horse that this baby is picking sleep ?
this horse that the horses were visiting has reached those people .	has this horse that the horses were visiting reached those people ?
some babies that were walking have visited the babies behind those boys .	have some babies that were walking visited the babies behind those boys ?
the horse that the horse shall feed is reaching some girls by those animals .	is the horse that the horse shall feed reaching some girls by those animals ?
some animals who do sit have walked .	have some animals who do sit walked ?
this horse who those horses do know is walking .	is this horse who those horses do know walking ?
those children that have helped those boys would try .	would those children that have helped those boys try ?
the children who the horses were helping would visit those girls behind some person .	would the children who the horses were helping visit those girls behind some person ?
some people that have seen some children do sit .	do some people that have seen some children sit ?
the people who were drawing have talked .	have the people who were drawing talked ?
some boy that is feeding some girl would call those animals by those girls .	would some boy that is feeding some girl call those animals by those girls ?
some animals that are watching this baby were siting .	were some animals that are watching this baby siting ?
those babies that are reaching this horse have walked .	have those babies that are reaching this horse walked ?
the girls that some people are watching have fallen .	have the girls that some people are watching fallen ?
the animals who are calling some person have helped this horse behind this boy .	have the animals who are calling some person helped this horse behind this boy ?
the boy that does call some baby has drawn .	has the boy that does call some baby drawn ?
some animal who shall watch some horse has played .	has some animal who shall watch some horse played ?
this animal who would reach the baby has drawn .	has this animal who would reach the baby drawn ?
this baby that is helping some girl shall draw .	shall this baby that is helping some girl draw ?
the boy that did play has worked .	has the boy that did play worked ?
the animals who those babies are finding have visited those boys behind some baby .	have the animals who those babies are finding visited those boys behind some baby ?
some girls that some boys have called are reaching those people by this horse .	are some girls that some boys have called reaching those people by this horse ?
the boy who the people have found has known this child .	has the boy who the people have found known this child ?
some baby that those children have picked would visit this child by the horses .	would some baby that those children have picked visit this child by the horses ?
this animal who the animals are reaching was walking .	was this animal who the animals are reaching walking ?
those girls that are reaching some boys were picking some girls who this girl was finding .	were those girls that are reaching some boys picking some girls who this girl was finding ?
some animals that were watching some child have watched those animals .	have some animals that were watching some child watched those animals ?
this boy that some baby was helping is seeing this animal by the boy .	is this boy that some baby was helping seeing this animal by the boy ?
some person who this child was calling would visit some baby who the girl does find .	would some person who this child was calling visit some baby who the girl does find ?
this animal that shall call the person is sleeping .	is this animal that shall call the person sleeping ?
some child who is falling has sat .	has some child who is falling sat ?
this girl that is reaching some boy has drawn .	has this girl that is reaching some boy drawn ?
those animals that those children were reaching are falling .	are those animals that those children were reaching falling ?
the horses who can talk are picking some person by those children .	are the horses who can talk picking some person by those children ?
the horses who the child is feeding can watch the boy by some children .	can the horses who the child is feeding watch the boy by some children ?
some animal that has found those girls is sleeping .	is some animal that has found those girls sleeping ?
some girls who would watch the babies shall sit .	shall some girls who would watch the babies sit ?
the babies who have found some babies did help those boys .	did the babies who have found some babies help those boys ?
the person who those girls would pick is trying .	is the person who those girls would pick trying ?
the horse who this boy is calling shall talk .	shall the horse who this boy is calling talk ?
this person that would try can read .	can this person that would try read ?
this girl who has played was seeing some horses behind the person .	was this girl who has played seeing some horses behind the person ?
this girl that some children would see shall work .	shall this girl that some children would see work ?
those children that this baby was feeding can help some boys behind those girls .	can those children that this baby was feeding help some boys behind those girls ?
some animals that were sleeping have tried .	have some animals that were sleeping tried ?
some babies who have talked shall pick some animals .	shall some babies who have talked pick some animals ?
those animals that the girl would know have visited some girls behind those horses .	have those animals that the girl would know visited some girls behind those horses ?
this animal that some baby did visit was knowing the animals by the babies .	was this animal that some baby did visit knowing the animals by the babies ?
the child that some boys did feed has watched some people by some children .	has the child that some boys did feed watched some people by some children ?
this girl who does know those babies would read .	would this girl who does know those babies read ?
the boys who some person is finding are talking .	are the boys who some person is finding talking ?
some animals that some animals have picked can help this boy who the girls have known .	can some animals that some animals have picked help this boy who the girls have known ?
the animals who have read did sit .	did the animals who have read sit ?
some horse who those boys have found was drawing .	was some horse who those boys have found drawing ?
some horses who are watching some person can read .	can some horses who are watching some person read ?
some person who was siting is reading .	is some person who was siting reading ?
those children that some boy was calling are calling this girl who some boy does call .	are those children that some boy was calling calling this girl who some boy does call ?
this girl who shall try does sleep .	does this girl who shall try sleep ?
the girl who does find the girl is watching those animals behind the person .	is the girl who does find the girl watching those animals behind the person ?
this horse that can know this girl does find some horses that have fallen .	does this horse that can know this girl find some horses that have fallen ?
some horses that this boy has picked are reading .	are some horses that this boy has picked reading ?
the person that this horse has picked can call those boys behind those children .	can the person that this horse has picked call those boys behind those children ?
those horses who were reaching this baby have slept .	have those horses who were reaching this baby slept ?
the girls that the babies have called were helping the animals that have visited the horses .	were the girls that the babies have called helping the animals that have visited the horses ?
some animal who the girl is helping has picked those girls by this horse .	has some animal who the girl is helping picked those girls by this horse ?
the babies that this baby was helping are finding those children behind this horse .	are the babies that this baby was helping finding those children behind this horse ?
those babies who this boy has visited are siting .	are those babies who this boy has visited siting ?
this horse who some boys do pick has sat .	has this horse who some boys do pick sat ?
the person who does fall was seeing those children behind those people .	was the person who does fall seeing those children behind those people ?
the children that the animals shall visit were playing .	were the children that the animals shall visit playing ?
the people who are picking some person shall walk .	shall the people who are picking some person walk ?
the children that shall know this baby are reaching those babies who did visit the boy .	are the children that shall know this baby reaching those babies who did visit the boy ?
some people that some boy has watched have seen some horses who would feed the animal .	have some people that some boy has watched seen some horses who would feed the animal ?
this person that those people do see has picked some girls by this boy .	has this person that those people do see picked some girls by this boy ?
those children that have called those animals are finding this girl by those animals .	are those children that have called those animals finding this girl by those animals ?
this horse who those animals have found has walked .	has this horse who those animals have found walked ?
this animal that some child did help has drawn .	has this animal that some child did help drawn ?
those babies who do walk have seen this animal .	have those babies who do walk seen this animal ?
some horses who have fallen do call some people by some people .	do some horses who have fallen call some people by some people ?
some horse that shall see this girl has seen those animals that some person is visiting .	has some horse that shall see this girl seen those animals that some person is visiting ?
some person that shall fall is watching the baby that is knowing those people .	is some person that shall fall watching the baby that is knowing those people ?
the child who has watched some girls was calling this boy behind the horses .	was the child who has watched some girls calling this boy behind the horses ?
the girl that was picking those boys has sat .	has the girl that was picking those boys sat ?
those animals that have seen this boy do sit .	do those animals that have seen this boy sit ?
the horses that have known the horses did play .	did the horses that have known the horses play ?
some girls that the girls have reached are picking those babies who have helped some children .	are some girls that the girls have reached picking those babies who have helped some children ?
the people that were finding some girl have tried .	have the people that were finding some girl tried ?
the horse who is visiting this boy has reached some people behind those animals .	has the horse who is visiting this boy reached some people behind those animals ?
those animals that did work have talked .	have those animals that did work talked ?
some people that some boy has seen were sleeping .	were some people that some boy has seen sleeping ?
those people that would play have visited some people behind some horses .	have those people that would play visited some people behind some horses ?
some babies who have slept do pick some children behind those people .	do some babies who have slept pick some children behind those people ?
some boys who some people are visiting have picked the people by the person .	have some boys who some people are visiting picked the people by the person ?
some animal who has slept did talk .	did some animal who has slept talk ?
those people that the baby has picked were trying .	were those people that the baby has picked trying ?
those girls that are watching some girls have walked .	have those girls that are watching some girls walked ?
some girl who some boys are visiting is picking the child .	is some girl who some boys are visiting picking the child ?
some animal who the boys were feeding has worked .	has some animal who the boys were feeding worked ?
the horse that the boy has seen was picking the child behind those boys .	was the horse that the boy has seen picking the child behind those boys ?
some child who was knowing those girls has watched this baby behind the person .	has some child who was knowing those girls watched this baby behind the person ?
those horses that can feed the person were trying .	were those horses that can feed the person trying ?
this person that those boys have watched has drawn .	has this person that those boys have watched drawn ?
some people who some girls were visiting do see those children by this boy .	do some people who some girls were visiting see those children by this boy ?
some person that does feed the horse can see the animal by those babies .	can some person that does feed the horse see the animal by those babies ?
this girl that has picked the girls was feeding the horse .	was this girl that has picked the girls feeding the horse ?
those babies that those babies have called were visiting this girl .	were those babies that those babies have called visiting this girl ?
the horse who is helping some people did feed some child behind the children .	did the horse who is helping some people feed some child behind the children ?
those animals who are working have slept .	have those animals who are working slept ?
this horse that did find some people is playing .	is this horse that did find some people playing ?
some horse that those babies have seen has read .	has some horse that those babies have seen read ?
those horses that some child has known were talking .	were those horses that some child has known talking ?
the person that some boys have called was finding the animals by this baby .	was the person that some boys have called finding the animals by this baby ?
those horses that were watching some boy have helped the animals that the girls do know .	have those horses that were watching some boy helped the animals that the girls do know ?
the child that some horse can visit has drawn .	has the child that some horse can visit drawn ?
some girl that those babies have found has helped some person .	has some girl that those babies have found helped some person ?
some boys that have found some horse were seeing the boy .	were some boys that have found some horse seeing the boy ?
some boys who have fed some child did talk .	did some boys who have fed some child talk ?
the boy who is watching the baby was drawing .	was the boy who is watching the baby drawing ?
some girl who this horse has reached is picking the boys .	is some girl who this horse has reached picking the boys ?
the boys that are picking some animal were falling .	were the boys that are picking some animal falling ?
those girls who are helping the child do call some person by this baby .	do those girls who are helping the child call some person by this baby ?
this baby who some baby was knowing has tried .	has this baby who some baby was knowing tried ?
those people that shall see some animals were walking .	were those people that shall see some animals walking ?
the animal who shall pick some horses has fallen .	has the animal who shall pick some horses fallen ?
this baby who is visiting the baby has read .	has this baby who is visiting the baby read ?
the animal that some animal does know is calling this baby that has seen this horse .	is the animal that some animal does know calling this baby that has seen this horse ?
some horse who can sit has visited some animal behind this baby .	has some horse who can sit visited some animal behind this baby ?
this baby who is reading has visited this person by the horses .	has this baby who is reading visited this person by the horses ?
those babies who the baby has picked shall talk .	shall those babies who the baby has picked talk ?
this boy that the babies have fed was picking those children who shall watch those children .	was this boy that the babies have fed picking those children who shall watch those children ?
the boy that this child was picking would try .	would the boy that this child was picking try ?
this animal who has tried can work .	can this animal who has tried work ?
the animals who would help those children were playing .	were the animals who would help those children playing ?
those animals that do watch the animals have sat .	have those animals that do watch the animals sat ?
the horse that this horse can help does walk .	does the horse that this horse can help walk ?
the boys who some people did watch were trying .	were the boys who some people did watch trying ?
those children that the person shall know were feeding this girl by the girls .	were those children that the person shall know feeding this girl by the girls ?
the people who did sit are seeing this boy behind the girls .	are the people who did sit seeing this boy behind the girls ?
the boys who are seeing some person have helped the baby by the babies .	have the boys who are seeing some person helped the baby by the babies ?
those animals that this girl has seen can reach some child behind the baby .	can those animals that this girl has seen reach some child behind the baby ?
the boy that was seeing some boy has helped the children .	has the boy that was seeing some boy helped the children ?
some girl that would help those babies is feeding the boy that has picked the boy .	is some girl that would help those babies feeding the boy that has picked the boy ?
some child that is finding some person would watch some animals that the horse has helped .	would some child that is finding some person watch some animals that the horse has helped ?
the baby who is visiting some animal has worked .	has the baby who is visiting some animal worked ?
some baby that some girl is helping was calling some horses by some girl .	was some baby that some girl is helping calling some horses by some girl ?
some animal that those boys have known shall feed the girls .	shall some animal that those boys have known feed the girls ?
this boy that was talking has walked .	has this boy that was talking walked ?
some babies who the babies were calling shall visit this boy by this child .	shall some babies who the babies were calling visit this boy by this child ?
some girl who some horse is knowing did see the girls behind the horse .	did some girl who some horse is knowing see the girls behind the horse ?
some girls who the babies have reached can play .	can some girls who the babies have reached play ?
some people that have played did sit .	did some people that have played sit ?
some babies that did read can try .	can some babies that did read try ?
the boys that were feeding some people have called those babies .	have the boys that were feeding some people called those babies ?
some baby who the baby did feed was knowing some boys behind this animal .	was some baby who the baby did feed knowing some boys behind this animal ?
some child that would pick some horse is siting .	is some child that would pick some horse siting ?
the horses who have watched some child were falling .	were the horses who have watched some child falling ?
the animal who did help the boy was talking .	was the animal who did help the boy talking ?
those children that were calling this horse shall feed this animal .	shall those children that were calling this horse feed this animal ?
those animals that some people were reaching have helped some horses behind some girl .	have those animals that some people were reaching helped some horses behind some girl ?
some animals that the horses are seeing did try .	did some animals that the horses are seeing try ?
some babies who were picking some person have drawn .	have some babies who were picking some person drawn ?
this boy who shall visit some person is trying .	is this boy who shall visit some person trying ?
the boy that some animal shall know is calling the babies who those horses are reaching .	is the boy that some animal shall know calling the babies who those horses are reaching ?
the girl that is working has fed some girl .	has the girl that is working fed some girl ?
some animals that have helped some babies did play .	did some animals that have helped some babies play ?
some horses that are watching some girl have slept .	have some horses that are watching some girl slept ?
the boys who the baby did call can feed the girl who those children shall find .	can the boys who the baby did call feed the girl who those children shall find ?
some horse that those boys are calling has known some girl by the animal .	has some horse that those boys are calling known some girl by the animal ?
some girl who is trying has watched some child that does read .	has some girl who is trying watched some child that does read ?
the people who the animal has called have read .	have the people who the animal has called read ?
some person who some animal has helped shall read .	shall some person who some animal has helped read ?
some people who some boys do help have helped those horses who this animal can help .	have some people who some boys do help helped those horses who this animal can help ?
some animal who has talked was seeing some horse behind this person .	was some animal who has talked seeing some horse behind this person ?
some baby that some boy does pick has fed those girls behind the babies .	has some baby that some boy does pick fed those girls behind the babies ?
the baby that some boys were reaching is picking the horses by those people .	is the baby that some boys were reaching picking the horses by those people ?
some child who is falling would read .	would some child who is falling read ?
the girl who some child would pick is seeing the animal behind the horses .	is the girl who some child would pick seeing the animal behind the horses ?
this child who was visiting those people is feeding those people that some horse has visited .	is this child who was visiting those people feeding those people that some horse has visited ?
those animals that were seeing some boy are talking .	are those animals that were seeing some boy talking ?
this baby that is reaching some people has worked .	has this baby that is reaching some people worked ?
the girls who would reach some boy can find those babies that have found the people .	can the girls who would reach some boy find those babies that have found the people ?
some children who have drawn shall call the baby .	shall some children who have drawn call the baby ?
those babies that some person can see are reading .	are those babies that some person can see reading ?
this boy who this child has fed would fall .	would this boy who this child has fed fall ?
this person that is reaching the people was siting .	was this person that is reaching the people siting ?
this child who can visit those boys was feeding some girls .	was this child who can visit those boys feeding some girls ?
some horse that was watching the boy does play .	does some horse that was watching the boy play ?
those people that are picking some girl were talking .	were those people that are picking some girl talking ?
some person that shall help some children does walk .	does some person that shall help some children walk ?
some horse that was sleeping would reach the horse .	would some horse that was sleeping reach the horse ?
this person who the children were helping shall watch some children who did pick those people .	shall this person who the children were helping watch some children who did pick those people ?
some animal who the animals do reach has known this person behind the babies .	has some animal who the animals do reach known this person behind the babies ?
some animals who those girls have reached are visiting the horses who are seeing this boy .	are some animals who those girls have reached visiting the horses who are seeing this boy ?
those boys that some babies would find are seeing the animals .	are those boys that some babies would find seeing the animals ?
those people that some child did help have sat .	have those people that some child did help sat ?
the horses who would reach some girls have seen some girls by the animal .	have the horses who would reach some girls seen some girls by the animal ?
some girl who the children have fed was finding some babies that did find the horse .	was some girl who the children have fed finding some babies that did find the horse ?
some animal that the baby would visit has called the people that have helped some boys .	has some animal that the baby would visit called the people that have helped some boys ?
the girls who are watching the person shall try .	shall the girls who are watching the person try ?
some child who has tried shall find the child by this boy .	shall some child who has tried find the child by this boy ?
the person who this horse was seeing has found the baby .	has the person who this horse was seeing found the baby ?
the boy who the baby was visiting has seen some horse by this horse .	has the boy who the baby was visiting seen some horse by this horse ?
the animals that have helped the animals are reading .	are the animals that have helped the animals reading ?
this baby who this animal was reaching has reached the girls behind those horses .	has this baby who this animal was reaching reached the girls behind those horses ?
those girls who have reached this boy were falling .	were those girls who have reached this boy falling ?
some person that has called some child is trying .	is some person that has called some child trying ?
some child that was reading is trying .	is some child that was reading trying ?
the animal that some boys do find was playing .	was the animal that some boys do find playing ?
the girl who the boy was finding has fallen .	has the girl who the boy was finding fallen ?
the child who the horses are finding was helping the boys behind the people .	was the child who the horses are finding helping the boys behind the people ?
those horses who were reading did reach the animals .	did those horses who were reading reach the animals ?
some boy that is watching the horses has played .	has some boy that is watching the horses played ?
some horses that those boys have reached were helping this boy behind some animal .	were some horses that those boys have reached helping this boy behind some animal ?
those horses that those animals were reaching have reached the people who some person has visited .	have those horses that those animals were reaching reached the people who some person has visited ?
the boys who the horses do feed were siting .	were the boys who the horses do feed siting ?
those horses who have seen the people do call some boys .	do those horses who have seen the people call some boys ?
the girls who shall see some boys have drawn .	have the girls who shall see some boys drawn ?
this boy who the babies can call was knowing some boy behind this animal .	was this boy who the babies can call knowing some boy behind this animal ?
the person who has helped this animal did know some animal behind some horse .	did the person who has helped this animal know some animal behind some horse ?
some animal who the children would know has walked .	has some animal who the children would know walked ?
some children who have seen those people were picking some children that did help this baby .	were some children who have seen those people picking some children that did help this baby ?
those people that can call those babies have played .	have those people that can call those babies played ?
some baby that this boy does know is picking this baby who has seen the child .	is some baby that this boy does know picking this baby who has seen the child ?
some boy that was sleeping has helped the boys .	has some boy that was sleeping helped the boys ?
this animal that some animals have seen was talking .	was this animal that some animals have seen talking ?
some boy who is finding some animals can know the horse behind some child .	can some boy who is finding some animals know the horse behind some child ?
some horse who is reading does work .	does some horse who is reading work ?
the horses that do walk have fallen .	have the horses that do walk fallen ?
those boys that this child was reaching do pick those babies that were talking .	do those boys that this child was reaching pick those babies that were talking ?
the babies who are helping those animals did find the baby who has played .	did the babies who are helping those animals find the baby who has played ?
the boy who is calling the child does find the girl who did watch those horses .	does the boy who is calling the child find the girl who did watch those horses ?
this girl who has helped some baby would visit some person who does try .	would this girl who has helped some baby visit some person who does try ?
this animal that some babies are reaching shall work .	shall this animal that some babies are reaching work ?
this horse who the girls have watched is seeing this girl that has visited the baby .	is this horse who the girls have watched seeing this girl that has visited the baby ?
this animal that has picked some child can feed the girl by the baby .	can this animal that has picked some child feed the girl by the baby ?
some babies who this girl was finding would sleep .	would some babies who this girl was finding sleep ?
this horse that is watching some horse has walked .	has this horse that is watching some horse walked ?
this person who has seen this girl did read .	did this person who has seen this girl read ?
this girl who some animal has picked is finding those children by some horses .	is this girl who some animal has picked finding those children by some horses ?
the boy that those girls can visit was calling some boy behind some boy .	was the boy that those girls can visit calling some boy behind some boy ?
the child that does find this person did walk .	did the child that does find this person walk ?
some person that some people have found has visited the children by this girl .	has some person that some people have found visited the children by this girl ?
some boys who some girl would feed shall find the baby behind the animal .	shall some boys who some girl would feed find the baby behind the animal ?
the children that some animals have called were reaching the girls behind the child .	were the children that some animals have called reaching the girls behind the child ?
the people who some girl has reached are sleeping .	are the people who some girl has reached sleeping ?
some boys that shall reach this horse can talk .	can some boys that shall reach this horse talk ?
those girls that have fed this girl were working .	were those girls that have fed this girl working ?
this girl that some girls have known has called this baby who has tried .	has this girl that some girls have known called this baby who has tried ?
those horses who the child would find are drawing .	are those horses who the child would find drawing ?
those boys that would know this boy have fallen .	have those boys that would know this boy fallen ?
this animal who this animal has reached would see the girl .	would this animal who this animal has reached see the girl ?
some children that are picking the boys have sat .	have some children that are picking the boys sat ?
some boy who has known this boy was working .	was some boy who has known this boy working ?
some horses that were drawing are trying .	are some horses that were drawing trying ?
the animal that did watch those boys does work .	does the animal that did watch those boys work ?
some girls who the horse was reaching are picking the horses .	are some girls who the horse was reaching picking the horses ?
this animal who some children have picked did talk .	did this animal who some children have picked talk ?
the baby that those horses have found has visited this person who some animals shall help .	has the baby that those horses have found visited this person who some animals shall help ?
those babies who shall help some horse are feeding the horse by some baby .	are those babies who shall help some horse feeding the horse by some baby ?
those boys that have known some boy shall talk .	shall those boys that have known some boy talk ?
those horses who the child shall help do call the person .	do those horses who the child shall help call the person ?
this child that some children have seen is walking .	is this child that some children have seen walking ?
this person who can play has slept .	has this person who can play slept ?
those horses that have watched the animal are helping this girl behind the person .	are those horses that have watched the animal helping this girl behind the person ?
some animals that those people would feed shall draw .	shall some animals that those people would feed draw ?
some horse who would call the people has slept .	has some horse who would call the people slept ?
this animal who those people have fed was seeing some person .	was this animal who those people have fed seeing some person ?
the baby that those horses have visited is trying .	is the baby that those horses have visited trying ?
the girl that some boy is feeding can see some baby that has tried .	can the girl that some boy is feeding see some baby that has tried ?
the boy who has known the people was feeding some boys by the children .	was the boy who has known the people feeding some boys by the children ?
the animal that is helping the people was talking .	was the animal that is helping the people talking ?
this child that the babies have visited does call this horse .	does this child that the babies have visited call this horse ?
some babies who shall help some people are trying .	are some babies who shall help some people trying ?
those children who were working did reach this person that some boys have helped .	did those children who were working reach this person that some boys have helped ?
this girl that has reached the baby does visit the boy that shall reach the child .	does this girl that has reached the baby visit the boy that shall reach the child ?
some girl who has fed the children can call this child that has fed the girls .	can some girl who has fed the children call this child that has fed the girls ?
those girls who this baby does watch are sleeping .	are those girls who this baby does watch sleeping ?
those babies that some person would know were watching some boy by this baby .	were those babies that some person would know watching some boy by this baby ?
some animal who some people have reached would pick some animals by those girls .	would some animal who some people have reached pick some animals by those girls ?
the babies who some child has called are seeing some animal by this baby .	are the babies who some child has called seeing some animal by this baby ?
some animal who this boy has picked is trying .	is some animal who this boy has picked trying ?
the boy that the boys shall visit has reached some baby by some animal .	has the boy that the boys shall visit reached some baby by some animal ?
the animals who shall reach some boys have worked .	have the animals who shall reach some boys worked ?
the animal who those girls were seeing was falling .	was the animal who those girls were seeing falling ?
the boys that have seen the people were talking .	were the boys that have seen the people talking ?
the horse that is playing can help this person .	can the horse that is playing help this person ?
the baby who did fall is visiting the child behind some baby .	is the baby who did fall visiting the child behind some baby ?
this baby who some child has reached was drawing .	was this baby who some child has reached drawing ?
some animal who was falling has watched this child who some horses shall pick .	has some animal who was falling watched this child who some horses shall pick ?
some girls who are trying can know the boy behind some animal .	can some girls who are trying know the boy behind some animal ?
this person who is working would see this girl .	would this person who is working see this girl ?
those horses who were reaching those people shall help the person behind some children .	shall those horses who were reaching those people help the person behind some children ?
some babies who have played were walking .	were some babies who have played walking ?
some children who have helped this horse do know the boy behind some babies .	do some children who have helped this horse know the boy behind some babies ?
some horses that some animal would watch did fall .	did some horses that some animal would watch fall ?
some boys who do draw are watching those horses that have tried .	are some boys who do draw watching those horses that have tried ?
the person that the horse has reached is drawing .	is the person that the horse has reached drawing ?
some people who were walking shall work .	shall some people who were walking work ?
some babies that those animals were watching have drawn .	have some babies that those animals were watching drawn ?
some animal that does try has walked .	has some animal that does try walked ?
some girl who the animals were knowing would feed some boys by this girl .	would some girl who the animals were knowing feed some boys by this girl ?
the child that the boys were visiting was knowing some girl by the boys .	was the child that the boys were visiting knowing some girl by the boys ?
the person that those children are calling does talk .	does the person that those children are calling talk ?
some girl that has found the people is working .	is some girl that has found the people working ?
those girls that the person was reaching would watch those boys that some horses have visited .	would those girls that the person was reaching watch those boys that some horses have visited ?
the child that was seeing the girl is visiting this child who has reached some girl .	is the child that was seeing the girl visiting this child who has reached some girl ?
those horses who the boys did feed have fed the girl that has found some person .	have those horses who the boys did feed fed the girl that has found some person ?
those horses who the children shall pick have read .	have those horses who the children shall pick read ?
the children that the animal did help are playing .	are the children that the animal did help playing ?
some person who some girls are picking was feeding this horse that the girl is feeding .	was some person who some girls are picking feeding this horse that the girl is feeding ?
the babies who some girl has picked were knowing the babies that those children have helped .	were the babies who some girl has picked knowing the babies that those children have helped ?
this animal who was knowing those animals has found the girls behind the child .	has this animal who was knowing those animals found the girls behind the child ?
those girls that the horse was reaching have known the animal .	have those girls that the horse was reaching known the animal ?
some girl who this baby did see is sleeping .	is some girl who this baby did see sleeping ?
the animals who were reaching the girls shall pick some baby by the boy .	shall the animals who were reaching the girls pick some baby by the boy ?
the girls who some babies were calling can know those children who this baby has known .	can the girls who some babies were calling know those children who this baby has known ?
the child that is seeing the baby would fall .	would the child that is seeing the baby fall ?
some girl who has fallen shall work .	shall some girl who has fallen work ?
the boys that did visit this horse do watch this horse by the girls .	do the boys that did visit this horse watch this horse by the girls ?
those animals that some girl shall feed have sat .	have those animals that some girl shall feed sat ?
some person that the boys are reaching is finding the girls .	is some person that the boys are reaching finding the girls ?
some baby who is knowing some animal would talk .	would some baby who is knowing some animal talk ?
the horses that have helped some horse are visiting some people by those children .	are the horses that have helped some horse visiting some people by those children ?
the horses that have reached some girl were trying .	were the horses that have reached some girl trying ?
some child who shall know some child is feeding the girl who the horses were feeding .	is some child who shall know some child feeding the girl who the horses were feeding ?
this animal that the people do feed would draw .	would this animal that the people do feed draw ?
those children who are knowing this girl shall see the baby behind some person .	shall those children who are knowing this girl see the baby behind some person ?
the girl that this baby would visit has watched this animal by the boys .	has the girl that this baby would visit watched this animal by the boys ?
this boy that the animals are finding has played .	has this boy that the animals are finding played ?
some boys that this child has known would work .	would some boys that this child has known work ?
the child who the horses are seeing shall visit this baby .	shall the child who the horses are seeing visit this baby ?
some child who has picked some girls is drawing .	is some child who has picked some girls drawing ?
some girls that those children are helping have picked the babies by some horse .	have some girls that those children are helping picked the babies by some horse ?
some girl that has read was working .	was some girl that has read working ?
some girl who the boy did see has tried .	has some girl who the boy did see tried ?
some boy that would try has fed those people .	has some boy that would try fed those people ?
this horse who is watching this horse did help this boy behind some person .	did this horse who is watching this horse help this boy behind some person ?
some person that shall walk would work .	would some person that shall walk work ?
the girls who are drawing have walked .	have the girls who are drawing walked ?
this child that was knowing the girls is seeing this horse by this person .	is this child that was knowing the girls seeing this horse by this person ?
the horses who can play have known the babies .	have the horses who can play known the babies ?
this girl who those people have known has sat .	has this girl who those people have known sat ?
some boys who those babies have picked are seeing the girl .	are some boys who those babies have picked seeing the girl ?
those animals who the horses can see do know some girl behind the child .	do those animals who the horses can see know some girl behind the child ?
the animals who were seeing some animal would call some boys behind this boy .	would the animals who were seeing some animal call some boys behind this boy ?
the child that shall help the people has read .	has the child that shall help the people read ?
this person that the babies do help can walk .	can this person that the babies do help walk ?
some baby who has picked the children would work .	would some baby who has picked the children work ?
the babies that this girl has found are working .	are the babies that this girl has found working ?
those people who are seeing this person have seen this child who has seen the horse .	have those people who are seeing this person seen this child who has seen the horse ?
those girls that the children are watching did know this boy .	did those girls that the children are watching know this boy ?
this animal that the horses have fed is seeing some horses behind those babies .	is this animal that the horses have fed seeing some horses behind those babies ?
some baby that is finding the girls would fall .	would some baby that is finding the girls fall ?
the boys that have fed some horse were playing .	were the boys that have fed some horse playing ?
those people that this baby has helped have walked .	have those people that this baby has helped walked ?
some people that are reaching the horse have talked .	have some people that are reaching the horse talked ?
the horse who is sleeping has fed this boy behind the child .	has the horse who is sleeping fed this boy behind the child ?
this girl that those children have known would call some boys who some girl was helping .	would this girl that those children have known call some boys who some girl was helping ?
those babies that the people did help are finding some horse behind some girl .	are those babies that the people did help finding some horse behind some girl ?
the baby who did feed those people has played .	has the baby who did feed those people played ?
this baby who has talked is reaching the boys behind the animals .	is this baby who has talked reaching the boys behind the animals ?
those animals that this girl has helped are sleeping .	are those animals that this girl has helped sleeping ?
this boy that the person did find has read .	has this boy that the person did find read ?
this baby who is finding some horses was walking .	was this baby who is finding some horses walking ?
the child that is drawing shall work .	shall the child that is drawing work ?
some people that have picked the girl can sleep .	can some people that have picked the girl sleep ?
this baby that the people have visited has walked .	has this baby that the people have visited walked ?
some children that some animal has called do read .	do some children that some animal has called read ?
this horse that would find some girl has fed this animal .	has this horse that would find some girl fed this animal ?
some boys who this person has picked would pick this person who has helped some horse .	would some boys who this person has picked pick this person who has helped some horse ?
some people who the people would see have worked .	have some people who the people would see worked ?
the horses who some animal would feed were knowing some people that can reach some person .	were the horses who some animal would feed knowing some people that can reach some person ?
the baby who does pick some child is reading .	is the baby who does pick some child reading ?
those animals who some babies would visit have walked .	have those animals who some babies would visit walked ?
some boy that is sleeping was reading .	was some boy that is sleeping reading ?
the children who the child is finding have fallen .	have the children who the child is finding fallen ?
some person who is calling the people has reached some people who do walk .	has some person who is calling the people reached some people who do walk ?
this person who is finding the boys has known the babies .	has this person who is finding the boys known the babies ?
the people that those boys shall watch have tried .	have the people that those boys shall watch tried ?
those girls who this boy was helping are finding the baby by those people .	are those girls who this boy was helping finding the baby by those people ?
this child that is feeding those horses was knowing this animal by some boys .	was this child that is feeding those horses knowing this animal by some boys ?
some horse who is walking has known those babies by some animals .	has some horse who is walking known those babies by some animals ?
some horses who those horses have known were sleeping .	were some horses who those horses have known sleeping ?
this person that was reading would help some horse behind some babies .	would this person that was reading help some horse behind some babies ?
those girls who shall find some girl did read .	did those girls who shall find some girl read ?
those babies that the animals did pick do work .	do those babies that the animals did pick work ?
some horse who has slept is siting .	is some horse who has slept siting ?
those horses that the boy has found are seeing some horses who some animals can see .	are those horses that the boy has found seeing some horses who some animals can see ?
some animal who the animal can find has sat .	has some animal who the animal can find sat ?
this child who those girls are feeding has helped this animal that the baby is watching .	has this child who those girls are feeding helped this animal that the baby is watching ?
some babies that some animal would see have fallen .	have some babies that some animal would see fallen ?
some babies who some people would find have talked .	have some babies who some people would find talked ?
some child that has fed some children was working .	was some child that has fed some children working ?
this child who some horse has seen was playing .	was this child who some horse has seen playing ?
the horse who has read does feed some boys .	does the horse who has read feed some boys ?
this baby who is calling the child did talk .	did this baby who is calling the child talk ?
some baby that would visit this boy has played .	has some baby that would visit this boy played ?
this person that did visit some person shall sit .	shall this person that did visit some person sit ?
this baby who those children have called shall play .	shall this baby who those children have called play ?
the girls that did work can see the person behind the girl .	can the girls that did work see the person behind the girl ?
those children that have fed some child are drawing .	are those children that have fed some child drawing ?
some girl that did feed this baby would fall .	would some girl that did feed this baby fall ?
some boys that did find this person are trying .	are some boys that did find this person trying ?
the boys that have read were watching the girls .	were the boys that have read watching the girls ?
those children who have known those boys shall sleep .	shall those children who have known those boys sleep ?
some baby that did talk has read .	has some baby that did talk read ?
some boy who those babies shall find would reach some children .	would some boy who those babies shall find reach some children ?
some person that was calling those babies has helped the person .	has some person that was calling those babies helped the person ?
this person that would fall is talking .	is this person that would fall talking ?
this person that is watching the girls has read .	has this person that is watching the girls read ?
this person who this boy has watched does call those people by some child .	does this person who this boy has watched call those people by some child ?
some baby who is helping some animals has slept .	has some baby who is helping some animals slept ?
some girls that this boy has watched were falling .	were some girls that this boy has watched falling ?
this girl who those animals can reach does see some boys .	does this girl who those animals can reach see some boys ?
those animals who those babies have found were sleeping .	were those animals who those babies have found sleeping ?
the people that the people are reaching do help the horses behind the horse .	do the people that the people are reaching help the horses behind the horse ?
the girls who some girls have helped were calling some babies .	were the girls who some girls have helped calling some babies ?
some baby who has reached those boys can pick the animal behind this child .	can some baby who has reached those boys pick the animal behind this child ?
some babies who the boy has picked are watching the horses behind those babies .	are some babies who the boy has picked watching the horses behind those babies ?
the boy who this person shall reach has drawn .	has the boy who this person shall reach drawn ?
some boys who have known some boy would play .	would some boys who have known some boy play ?
the people who those horses are knowing do sleep .	do the people who those horses are knowing sleep ?
some child who the girl was seeing can talk .	can some child who the girl was seeing talk ?
those children that the horses were helping have known the girl by some animal .	have those children that the horses were helping known the girl by some animal ?
the horse who would know those babies has worked .	has the horse who would know those babies worked ?
the children that are finding some horses would know some girls who have worked .	would the children that are finding some horses know some girls who have worked ?
the baby that has reached this baby is feeding this girl .	is the baby that has reached this baby feeding this girl ?
some people that do work were working .	were some people that do work working ?
some child who is reaching the boy has slept .	has some child who is reaching the boy slept ?
this boy who some boys have helped can call those babies by some girl .	can this boy who some boys have helped call those babies by some girl ?
this animal that those children have called has known this person .	has this animal that those children have called known this person ?
the horse who has seen the horses is reading .	is the horse who has seen the horses reading ?
some animals who do watch some girls have visited those boys who are finding the babies .	have some animals who do watch some girls visited those boys who are finding the babies ?
the child who this boy does feed is working .	is the child who this boy does feed working ?
those horses that did find those babies have slept .	have those horses that did find those babies slept ?
the girl who did sit was trying .	was the girl who did sit trying ?
those babies who have talked were seeing some boy by some boy .	were those babies who have talked seeing some boy by some boy ?
this child that some child does help has known some person by the horse .	has this child that some child does help known some person by the horse ?
the horse that does play has called the girls behind the girl .	has the horse that does play called the girls behind the girl ?
some boy that the girl has helped is walking .	is some boy that the girl has helped walking ?
this horse that the horses can help is seeing this child .	is this horse that the horses can help seeing this child ?
some girls who do walk shall try .	shall some girls who do walk try ?
the baby that was picking this horse would find those people by this baby .	would the baby that was picking this horse find those people by this baby ?
the boys who did try were seeing some babies by those babies .	were the boys who did try seeing some babies by those babies ?
this animal that did visit the boy has slept .	has this animal that did visit the boy slept ?
those babies that this girl has fed have watched some child that does know some animal .	have those babies that this girl has fed watched some child that does know some animal ?
those horses who shall read have slept .	have those horses who shall read slept ?
the animals that are finding the boy would walk .	would the animals that are finding the boy walk ?
some boys who some boy was visiting were sleeping .	were some boys who some boy was visiting sleeping ?
the babies who have known the horses were knowing the girls by this girl .	were the babies who have known the horses knowing the girls by this girl ?
those girls who have tried were picking the boy behind those children .	were those girls who have tried picking the boy behind those children ?
this girl that those boys are visiting has seen some baby behind the animal .	has this girl that those boys are visiting seen some baby behind the animal ?
some animal who was playing has seen those babies who were knowing the people .	has some animal who was playing seen those babies who were knowing the people ?
this animal who is playing has slept .	has this animal who is playing slept ?
this baby that those boys did know is reaching the people behind the babies .	is this baby that those boys did know reaching the people behind the babies ?
some animals who can reach this girl were picking some people that have visited the girl .	were some animals who can reach this girl picking some people that have visited the girl ?
this girl who did reach this child does know the people that shall visit those children .	does this girl who did reach this child know the people that shall visit those children ?
the person who the horses can reach was siting .	was the person who the horses can reach siting ?
the child who has fallen does know the boy who would feed the animal .	does the child who has fallen know the boy who would feed the animal ?
some people who do see the people have known some person behind some horse .	have some people who do see the people known some person behind some horse ?
some animals who those girls were visiting have talked .	have some animals who those girls were visiting talked ?
those babies who are talking shall talk .	shall those babies who are talking talk ?
the child who those animals are knowing was feeding some horse who has helped some animal .	was the child who those animals are knowing feeding some horse who has helped some animal ?
those people who were sleeping would sit .	would those people who were sleeping sit ?
some baby that is picking some baby was feeding some horse by those children .	was some baby that is picking some baby feeding some horse by those children ?
some boy that those girls have called is watching the people that have worked .	is some boy that those girls have called watching the people that have worked ?
the girl who has known the person shall watch this child by this child .	shall the girl who has known the person watch this child by this child ?
some boys that the girls are finding were reaching the horses .	were some boys that the girls are finding reaching the horses ?
this horse who can watch those children has watched those horses .	has this horse who can watch those children watched those horses ?
some girls that do read did walk .	did some girls that do read walk ?
the boy who the boys would call has read .	has the boy who the boys would call read ?
the babies that some animals would feed are talking .	are the babies that some animals would feed talking ?
the animal that shall talk has known this baby .	has the animal that shall talk known this baby ?
some girls who were knowing some baby have drawn .	have some girls who were knowing some baby drawn ?
some boy that is finding the person would call some animals .	would some boy that is finding the person call some animals ?
those animals that some children would see did see those animals who can visit some child .	did those animals that some children would see see those animals who can visit some child ?
some child who has worked is talking .	is some child who has worked talking ?
this girl who would visit some horses is reading .	is this girl who would visit some horses reading ?
those boys who some children have found were visiting the girls .	were those boys who some children have found visiting the girls ?
the girl that does help this person would talk .	would the girl that does help this person talk ?
the animal who has called some child would work .	would the animal who has called some child work ?
the baby that some people were picking has fallen .	has the baby that some people were picking fallen ?
the horses that the girl is visiting have read .	have the horses that the girl is visiting read ?
those girls who this animal was calling can visit this animal .	can those girls who this animal was calling visit this animal ?
the baby who some animals are visiting was calling those girls behind some horses .	was the baby who some animals are visiting calling those girls behind some horses ?
those people who do read shall play .	shall those people who do read play ?
this boy who was walking has read .	has this boy who was walking read ?
some baby that some person was seeing has talked .	has some baby that some person was seeing talked ?
the horses that have fallen are visiting some animal by this horse .	are the horses that have fallen visiting some animal by this horse ?
this person who did visit some boy has played .	has this person who did visit some boy played ?
those children who do pick this animal are walking .	are those children who do pick this animal walking ?
some children who do try are working .	are some children who do try working ?
some animal who was siting would walk .	would some animal who was siting walk ?
the girls that can sit were trying .	were the girls that can sit trying ?
the animal that those babies do know would sleep .	would the animal that those babies do know sleep ?
some boys who have worked were playing .	were some boys who have worked playing ?
this baby that some babies have visited has known this horse behind this child .	has this baby that some babies have visited known this horse behind this child ?
some horse who was knowing this child did fall .	did some horse who was knowing this child fall ?
some people that can feed those animals have slept .	have some people that can feed those animals slept ?
the babies who have known some horse do pick the horses that the girl has seen .	do the babies who have known some horse pick the horses that the girl has seen ?
some babies that those children are watching have tried .	have some babies that those children are watching tried ?
those babies who have called those boys shall sleep .	shall those babies who have called those boys sleep ?
those boys who this girl shall help would feed some horses who have talked .	would those boys who this girl shall help feed some horses who have talked ?
the animal who has helped those boys can walk .	can the animal who has helped those boys walk ?
some person who does know those babies is playing .	is some person who does know those babies playing ?
some people that the girl has found have fallen .	have some people that the girl has found fallen ?
this girl that is reaching some girl shall pick the animal .	shall this girl that is reaching some girl pick the animal ?
those people who the boy would call do call some babies who have walked .	do those people who the boy would call call some babies who have walked ?
the horses who would call the girl do feed the child .	do the horses who would call the girl feed the child ?
those people who this baby does watch were knowing this animal by those boys .	were those people who this baby does watch knowing this animal by those boys ?
the boy who has found some children does reach this horse who those girls have fed .	does the boy who has found some children reach this horse who those girls have fed ?
the animals who do reach this girl have reached the horse by those babies .	have the animals who do reach this girl reached the horse by those babies ?
this person who some animal has known can fall .	can this person who some animal has known fall ?
this horse who has fed those horses shall help the girl .	shall this horse who has fed those horses help the girl ?
the horse who has reached the animals is reading .	is the horse who has reached the animals reading ?
some horse who was knowing some child can find some girl behind the children .	can some horse who was knowing some child find some girl behind the children ?
the boys who did call this animal were falling .	were the boys who did call this animal falling ?
this baby that is visiting some baby was walking .	was this baby that is visiting some baby walking ?
some child that can visit some baby would pick this baby .	would some child that can visit some baby pick this baby ?
this child that some boys were reaching is falling .	is this child that some boys were reaching falling ?
this horse that the person has helped shall read .	shall this horse that the person has helped read ?
the animals that the girl shall help were calling this girl that was playing .	were the animals that the girl shall help calling this girl that was playing ?
those boys who the horse has seen are reaching this girl behind those children .	are those boys who the horse has seen reaching this girl behind those children ?
those people that some people would pick are knowing those babies behind some horses .	are those people that some people would pick knowing those babies behind some horses ?
those people who were trying shall know the babies who some babies have watched .	shall those people who were trying know the babies who some babies have watched ?
this person who does help some girl has fed this animal .	has this person who does help some girl fed this animal ?
those boys who this boy was visiting have watched this girl behind the people .	have those boys who this boy was visiting watched this girl behind the people ?
those people who this child is feeding were siting .	were those people who this child is feeding siting ?
those people that the child was seeing are falling .	are those people that the child was seeing falling ?
some girl that can feed the child was talking .	was some girl that can feed the child talking ?
some babies that some boy has reached have tried .	have some babies that some boy has reached tried ?
some boy who was reaching this animal has visited some baby who the babies shall pick .	has some boy who was reaching this animal visited some baby who the babies shall pick ?
the girl who has known the people is trying .	is the girl who has known the people trying ?
the animals who have picked this girl were feeding this child who shall help the animals .	were the animals who have picked this girl feeding this child who shall help the animals ?
some people who were seeing some horse have played .	have some people who were seeing some horse played ?
some baby that was watching some animals shall call some boys behind some person .	shall some baby that was watching some animals call some boys behind some person ?
some horses that some people are watching can draw .	can some horses that some people are watching draw ?
some child who can pick this horse would sleep .	would some child who can pick this horse sleep ?
some boys who the person would reach did work .	did some boys who the person would reach work ?
those boys who are finding this animal can pick the horse .	can those boys who are finding this animal pick the horse ?
this animal who the person was knowing is sleeping .	is this animal who the person was knowing sleeping ?
some girls that some animal is finding did know some children that the baby is watching .	did some girls that some animal is finding know some children that the baby is watching ?
some children that would find some horses are calling some horse by some girls .	are some children that would find some horses calling some horse by some girls ?
some girl who shall fall has drawn .	has some girl who shall fall drawn ?
those babies that the babies would know are sleeping .	are those babies that the babies would know sleeping ?
those horses that some animal has helped do fall .	do those horses that some animal has helped fall ?
the children that some horse has found were reaching the girl .	were the children that some horse has found reaching the girl ?
those animals who the people have picked were helping the horse by the animals .	were those animals who the people have picked helping the horse by the animals ?
some people that have known the people are siting .	are some people that have known the people siting ?
those babies who those horses are seeing have played .	have those babies who those horses are seeing played ?
those people who would pick the boys did call this person .	did those people who would pick the boys call this person ?
the girl that has sat was falling .	was the girl that has sat falling ?
those horses who have called those animals do draw .	do those horses who have called those animals draw ?
the girl who some girl would feed can visit those babies behind the girls .	can the girl who some girl would feed visit those babies behind the girls ?
those boys that some child does help have picked some child .	have those boys that some child does help picked some child ?
those animals that some animal does know are trying .	are those animals that some animal does know trying ?
some horses that were reading would help some baby that the boys were calling .	would some horses that were reading help some baby that the boys were calling ?
the horse who those girls were calling has read .	has the horse who those girls were calling read ?
some person that does sit has drawn .	has some person that does sit drawn ?
some person who the animals have visited does call the horses behind some children .	does some person who the animals have visited call the horses behind some children ?
some people that are visiting the horses did reach the girl behind the children .	did some people that are visiting the horses reach the girl behind the children ?
this person that the people did call shall watch the children by those boys .	shall this person that the people did call watch the children by those boys ?
the girls that shall watch the boy have walked .	have the girls that shall watch the boy walked ?
those animals who are calling some boys have slept .	have those animals who are calling some boys slept ?
some horse who has seen the baby is finding this baby that does sit .	is some horse who has seen the baby finding this baby that does sit ?
some animal who has fed this boy would draw .	would some animal who has fed this boy draw ?
the child that is feeding the girl shall sit .	shall the child that is feeding the girl sit ?
those animals who can sleep have read .	have those animals who can sleep read ?
some boy that some animal can find has picked the boys behind some child .	has some boy that some animal can find picked the boys behind some child ?
some child that did feed those horses has watched the horses behind those horses .	has some child that did feed those horses watched the horses behind those horses ?
some person who this boy was finding has read .	has some person who this boy was finding read ?
some people that the girl was reaching were reaching the boys by the person .	were some people that the girl was reaching reaching the boys by the person ?
the boy that some baby is helping was siting .	was the boy that some baby is helping siting ?
some animals that the animals would feed shall reach some boy that the people do pick .	shall some animals that the animals would feed reach some boy that the people do pick ?
the child who some baby does watch has sat .	has the child who some baby does watch sat ?
this person that would help some person has seen some children by those boys .	has this person that would help some person seen some children by those boys ?
the person who some children shall watch does fall .	does the person who some children shall watch fall ?
some person that is reading was visiting some boy by the people .	was some person that is reading visiting some boy by the people ?
some children who some child shall reach were sleeping .	were some children who some child shall reach sleeping ?
those children who would visit the child have fed the people behind this horse .	have those children who would visit the child fed the people behind this horse ?
some boy that the boy has visited did sit .	did some boy that the boy has visited sit ?
this child that did try would sit .	would this child that did try sit ?
the horse who some animal was helping has drawn .	has the horse who some animal was helping drawn ?
some babies that have reached the babies can watch some people by this boy .	can some babies that have reached the babies watch some people by this boy ?
some horses who would watch those children can work .	can some horses who would watch those children work ?
some girl who does find those boys has fallen .	has some girl who does find those boys fallen ?
some horse who does try shall see those animals who were talking .	shall some horse who does try see those animals who were talking ?
the horses that the girl shall help have played .	have the horses that the girl shall help played ?
some boy who the baby is picking would reach the horses behind the animal .	would some boy who the baby is picking reach the horses behind the animal ?
those animals that are helping some children can walk .	can those animals that are helping some children walk ?
some animals who the boys can reach have helped those girls .	have some animals who the boys can reach helped those girls ?
the animal who shall watch this girl can read .	can the animal who shall watch this girl read ?
this horse that can draw has picked those animals who are talking .	has this horse that can draw picked those animals who are talking ?
some boys that the boy has helped are trying .	are some boys that the boy has helped trying ?
this person who the babies do reach has found some horse by some babies .	has this person who the babies do reach found some horse by some babies ?
the girl that has walked does pick the horses who shall try .	does the girl that has walked pick the horses who shall try ?
some children who have watched those boys are finding some babies behind this girl .	are some children who have watched those boys finding some babies behind this girl ?
those children that have known those people did know this boy behind those people .	did those children that have known those people know this boy behind those people ?
the horse that can sit shall watch those girls behind the baby .	shall the horse that can sit watch those girls behind the baby ?
some child who does draw is reading .	is some child who does draw reading ?
the girls that have tried are trying .	are the girls that have tried trying ?
this horse who those girls do call has fed this baby .	has this horse who those girls do call fed this baby ?
this horse that would walk is helping some people behind this boy .	is this horse that would walk helping some people behind this boy ?
some horse who is sleeping has fallen .	has some horse who is sleeping fallen ?
some girl that those girls were feeding did help the boys .	did some girl that those girls were feeding help the boys ?
some horse who is drawing can watch those people behind some children .	can some horse who is drawing watch those people behind some children ?
this person who is helping some animals has picked the children behind some girl .	has this person who is helping some animals picked the children behind some girl ?
some child who has fallen was playing .	was some child who has fallen playing ?
those children who did read were knowing some children behind the animal .	were those children who did read knowing some children behind the animal ?
this girl who those horses were picking has fed the horses that have fed some baby .	has this girl who those horses were picking fed the horses that have fed some baby ?
this horse who was sleeping is picking this animal by the boy .	is this horse who was sleeping picking this animal by the boy ?
those babies who have called some people are visiting the horse .	are those babies who have called some people visiting the horse ?
the boys who this boy has picked shall help the boys behind some horses .	shall the boys who this boy has picked help the boys behind some horses ?
some girl that would watch some animals was finding some person by some person .	was some girl that would watch some animals finding some person by some person ?
those girls who shall call some horses can sit .	can those girls who shall call some horses sit ?
this person who has fed the boy does play .	does this person who has fed the boy play ?
the animal that was picking some babies would work .	would the animal that was picking some babies work ?
those people who have talked were knowing some babies behind this animal .	were those people who have talked knowing some babies behind this animal ?
some boys who this person is feeding do know the child behind this child .	do some boys who this person is feeding know the child behind this child ?
the girl that has visited some people was sleeping .	was the girl that has visited some people sleeping ?
those babies who have known the people do feed this girl behind some boys .	do those babies who have known the people feed this girl behind some boys ?
this animal who has walked would pick some person behind the horses .	would this animal who has walked pick some person behind the horses ?
this child who the child did see is reaching some animals by those boys .	is this child who the child did see reaching some animals by those boys ?
the girl that this boy was picking has called some child by some boy .	has the girl that this boy was picking called some child by some boy ?
the animals who this person was calling have played .	have the animals who this person was calling played ?
some baby that some person did call can pick this person behind those horses .	can some baby that some person did call pick this person behind those horses ?
some baby that would pick some boys has reached this horse who was sleeping .	has some baby that would pick some boys reached this horse who was sleeping ?
those girls that have known the child do work .	do those girls that have known the child work ?
the boys who some boys are visiting have worked .	have the boys who some boys are visiting worked ?
some babies who some boys can know are walking .	are some babies who some boys can know walking ?
the horse that is knowing some babies was feeding some child behind those children .	was the horse that is knowing some babies feeding some child behind those children ?
those babies that some girls are feeding have visited some girl that those girls were finding .	have those babies that some girls are feeding visited some girl that those girls were finding ?
the horse that the person does feed has worked .	has the horse that the person does feed worked ?
the child who those horses shall pick is trying .	is the child who those horses shall pick trying ?
the animal who is reaching the child was picking the people behind those children .	was the animal who is reaching the child picking the people behind those children ?
the girls who some horse has watched shall reach this girl who those babies have visited .	shall the girls who some horse has watched reach this girl who those babies have visited ?
the boy that those girls have seen has sat .	has the boy that those girls have seen sat ?
the children who can draw did play .	did the children who can draw play ?
those people that this horse is picking are reading .	are those people that this horse is picking reading ?
this child who the boys were reaching was siting .	was this child who the boys were reaching siting ?
this baby that is feeding those babies shall see this animal .	shall this baby that is feeding those babies see this animal ?
the horses that some horse was knowing have seen those boys behind some babies .	have the horses that some horse was knowing seen those boys behind some babies ?
the baby who has fed the boy was helping some animal that this person would feed .	was the baby who has fed the boy helping some animal that this person would feed ?
this animal that has picked some horses does read .	does this animal that has picked some horses read ?
some boy who can watch this girl has played .	has some boy who can watch this girl played ?
some horse that the child has watched would find this boy by this child .	would some horse that the child has watched find this boy by this child ?
the child that is trying was working .	was the child that is trying working ?
this boy that has visited the animals did see those boys behind this child .	did this boy that has visited the animals see those boys behind this child ?
the animal who the animals were reaching has worked .	has the animal who the animals were reaching worked ?
some boy who the people did watch is trying .	is some boy who the people did watch trying ?
this horse that would reach this child has sat .	has this horse that would reach this child sat ?
this animal that the girl has fed was watching the horse that is watching the boys .	was this animal that the girl has fed watching the horse that is watching the boys ?
this girl who the baby did see has tried .	has this girl who the baby did see tried ?
the boy who does see those animals would see the boy behind the children .	would the boy who does see those animals see the boy behind the children ?
some people that are watching this girl can visit the children by some baby .	can some people that are watching this girl visit the children by some baby ?
some person who is reaching some child has fallen .	has some person who is reaching some child fallen ?
some person that was feeding this horse has tried .	has some person that was feeding this horse tried ?
some boy who some animals are feeding was falling .	was some boy who some animals are feeding falling ?
some boys who have known some animal were knowing the animals .	were some boys who have known some animal knowing the animals ?
this person who would find the person was sleeping .	was this person who would find the person sleeping ?
the animal that some girls can watch was helping this horse behind the girl .	was the animal that some girls can watch helping this horse behind the girl ?
those babies who are visiting some animals shall reach the boy by the animal .	shall those babies who are visiting some animals reach the boy by the animal ?
the boy who shall call some animals has slept .	has the boy who shall call some animals slept ?
those horses who shall pick some boys did call the girl behind the horse .	did those horses who shall pick some boys call the girl behind the horse ?
some animals that some children are knowing have walked .	have some animals that some children are knowing walked ?
some girl that the children did know was helping this animal .	was some girl that the children did know helping this animal ?
those people that some girl is reaching shall fall .	shall those people that some girl is reaching fall ?
the animals that this girl was picking are knowing the people .	are the animals that this girl was picking knowing the people ?
some child that some animal did help is talking .	is some child that some animal did help talking ?
the girl that shall call some horse was helping this horse .	was the girl that shall call some horse helping this horse ?
the person who the animals have helped was finding this girl .	was the person who the animals have helped finding this girl ?
the girls who were feeding some people are seeing the animals who some animal was picking .	are the girls who were feeding some people seeing the animals who some animal was picking ?
some babies that those girls were visiting are picking those boys .	are some babies that those girls were visiting picking those boys ?
the horses that have picked those horses do draw .	do the horses that have picked those horses draw ?
the child that is working was working .	was the child that is working working ?
this animal that those people have fed has slept .	has this animal that those people have fed slept ?
this baby who was visiting the horse has drawn .	has this baby who was visiting the horse drawn ?
those girls that this girl has picked can fall .	can those girls that this girl has picked fall ?
those babies who are walking have fallen .	have those babies who are walking fallen ?
the child who would find those children is seeing those children .	is the child who would find those children seeing those children ?
this person that was watching those girls has picked this girl by some girls .	has this person that was watching those girls picked this girl by some girls ?
some horses that did watch some horses are drawing .	are some horses that did watch some horses drawing ?
the baby that some person has fed can play .	can the baby that some person has fed play ?
some children that shall pick this person have read .	have some children that shall pick this person read ?
this horse that the people have visited has talked .	has this horse that the people have visited talked ?
some boys who were trying shall play .	shall some boys who were trying play ?
the babies who were helping this baby can help those girls .	can the babies who were helping this baby help those girls ?
the animal who some boys can visit is watching those horses .	is the animal who some boys can visit watching those horses ?
the child that the baby did reach was reading .	was the child that the baby did reach reading ?
this boy who has reached some girl would talk .	would this boy who has reached some girl talk ?
some baby who the horses are knowing is finding some animal by the boys .	is some baby who the horses are knowing finding some animal by the boys ?
this boy who the animal shall know is helping this animal behind the person .	is this boy who the animal shall know helping this animal behind the person ?
this baby that this child was calling is walking .	is this baby that this child was calling walking ?
the baby who was playing is talking .	is the baby who was playing talking ?
this horse who some girls were helping is helping this child by some boys .	is this horse who some girls were helping helping this child by some boys ?
some girl who shall work has known the babies who the baby has picked .	has some girl who shall work known the babies who the baby has picked ?
the child who did know the animal can fall .	can the child who did know the animal fall ?
the girls who those animals are feeding have reached the baby by the animals .	have the girls who those animals are feeding reached the baby by the animals ?
some babies who have picked the boy shall call those people by some baby .	shall some babies who have picked the boy call those people by some baby ?
some children that are finding those horses do sleep .	do some children that are finding those horses sleep ?
some girls who some babies did watch are reaching some person by some babies .	are some girls who some babies did watch reaching some person by some babies ?
those girls that do visit those horses have read .	have those girls that do visit those horses read ?
some baby that would find the girl did read .	did some baby that would find the girl read ?
the boy who has picked the horse shall draw .	shall the boy who has picked the horse draw ?
some girls who this person can pick were watching some animals by some girls .	were some girls who this person can pick watching some animals by some girls ?
the animal that can know those animals is falling .	is the animal that can know those animals falling ?
those girls who did find those animals are sleeping .	are those girls who did find those animals sleeping ?
the girl that some boys have watched did know some person behind the animal .	did the girl that some boys have watched know some person behind the animal ?
the horses that do visit the babies were watching the horses .	were the horses that do visit the babies watching the horses ?
those children who some child does reach are knowing the person .	are those children who some child does reach knowing the person ?
some boys who would watch the people are finding some animals by some boys .	are some boys who would watch the people finding some animals by some boys ?
some girls that are playing have tried .	have some girls that are playing tried ?
this person that this animal did visit has slept .	has this person that this animal did visit slept ?
the babies that have picked some animal did try .	did the babies that have picked some animal try ?
this child that has seen this animal would work .	would this child that has seen this animal work ?
this child who has reached the girl is drawing .	is this child who has reached the girl drawing ?
some boys that those horses are calling do draw .	do some boys that those horses are calling draw ?
some horse that would try was seeing some children behind those people .	was some horse that would try seeing some children behind those people ?
this animal that has read shall try .	shall this animal that has read try ?
the children that some person is visiting are calling some child .	are the children that some person is visiting calling some child ?
the babies who have visited the child would work .	would the babies who have visited the child work ?
the animals who this girl does reach are seeing those boys behind this animal .	are the animals who this girl does reach seeing those boys behind this animal ?
some boy that has slept is helping the animal behind this girl .	is some boy that has slept helping the animal behind this girl ?
the girl that did play has played .	has the girl that did play played ?
some horses who have slept shall call the children behind the horse .	shall some horses who have slept call the children behind the horse ?
some horse who has read was working .	was some horse who has read working ?
those babies who would play did work .	did those babies who would play work ?
this baby that has visited some child does work .	does this baby that has visited some child work ?
this person who did sit shall sit .	shall this person who did sit sit ?
those horses who can call those boys would find those people that are calling the children .	would those horses who can call those boys find those people that are calling the children ?
some babies that have picked some animals were walking .	were some babies that have picked some animals walking ?
those girls that have talked do call those horses behind this animal .	do those girls that have talked call those horses behind this animal ?
some baby who is visiting some boy was watching the baby by this animal .	was some baby who is visiting some boy watching the baby by this animal ?
some babies who the children have found did play .	did some babies who the children have found play ?
the animal that was finding the person has read .	has the animal that was finding the person read ?
those children who this baby has picked can call this girl who was seeing those boys .	can those children who this baby has picked call this girl who was seeing those boys ?
the horse who this person shall help is watching this child that the children are reaching .	is the horse who this person shall help watching this child that the children are reaching ?
the baby who can know those children did sit .	did the baby who can know those children sit ?
those animals that would try are picking this baby .	are those animals that would try picking this baby ?
some babies that shall walk do watch this girl who some baby was feeding .	do some babies that shall walk watch this girl who some baby was feeding ?
some girls who have called some boys shall walk .	shall some girls who have called some boys walk ?
this animal that was calling this person shall help the horses by this baby .	shall this animal that was calling this person help the horses by this baby ?
some horse who can help some horse has drawn .	has some horse who can help some horse drawn ?
some children that shall draw have played .	have some children that shall draw played ?
some person who shall feed this boy has read .	has some person who shall feed this boy read ?
this horse who was picking those animals shall feed some people .	shall this horse who was picking those animals feed some people ?
some boy who has found this boy shall talk .	shall some boy who has found this boy talk ?
some animal that those girls have helped has seen some girls .	has some animal that those girls have helped seen some girls ?
the babies who the baby was reaching have slept .	have the babies who the baby was reaching slept ?
the horse who some animals are reaching shall draw .	shall the horse who some animals are reaching draw ?
the horse that can sit has read .	has the horse that can sit read ?
those people who are drawing have played .	have those people who are drawing played ?
the child that has reached some boys was playing .	was the child that has reached some boys playing ?
this horse that the children are reaching is feeding those babies by some person .	is this horse that the children are reaching feeding those babies by some person ?
the babies that the babies have known did reach those babies behind this baby .	did the babies that the babies have known reach those babies behind this baby ?
some animal who some children would help has fallen .	has some animal who some children would help fallen ?
the animals that have helped this child were talking .	were the animals that have helped this child talking ?
this boy who has slept can pick the baby behind some girl .	can this boy who has slept pick the baby behind some girl ?
some child who has called the children is reading .	is some child who has called the children reading ?
some child that the person would feed has talked .	has some child that the person would feed talked ?
some girls that have fed those boys were finding the horse by some animal .	were some girls that have fed those boys finding the horse by some animal ?
some children who some people have known were playing .	were some children who some people have known playing ?
some child who shall reach those children was siting .	was some child who shall reach those children siting ?
some animals that have fallen do fall .	do some animals that have fallen fall ?
the people that the babies were watching did try .	did the people that the babies were watching try ?
this animal that this baby is calling has known those girls .	has this animal that this baby is calling known those girls ?
some horse who the horses have seen has called those children by some person .	has some horse who the horses have seen called those children by some person ?
some baby that the horse has picked was helping the baby by those people .	was some baby that the horse has picked helping the baby by those people ?
this baby who the girls have called is picking the babies who the animals did reach .	is this baby who the girls have called picking the babies who the animals did reach ?
those boys that the babies shall pick were talking .	were those boys that the babies shall pick talking ?
this person who this girl would feed is seeing those animals by the girls .	is this person who this girl would feed seeing those animals by the girls ?
some girls that the babies would reach are reaching the children by this girl .	are some girls that the babies would reach reaching the children by this girl ?
some girls that the child has fed were drawing .	were some girls that the child has fed drawing ?
some baby that shall reach some animals was trying .	was some baby that shall reach some animals trying ?
those children that are reaching those boys have fallen .	have those children that are reaching those boys fallen ?
the girls who this boy did see are sleeping .	are the girls who this boy did see sleeping ?
the person who some baby can know has worked .	has the person who some baby can know worked ?
this boy who the horse was visiting has tried .	has this boy who the horse was visiting tried ?
those babies who those children were finding have visited some girl that those boys have seen .	have those babies who those children were finding visited some girl that those boys have seen ?
the boy who did draw was working .	was the boy who did draw working ?
this child that was reaching the child has talked .	has this child that was reaching the child talked ?
some children that can walk were visiting some babies behind some people .	were some children that can walk visiting some babies behind some people ?
this person who was sleeping is siting .	is this person who was sleeping siting ?
those children who have visited some animals would know some animals .	would those children who have visited some animals know some animals ?
this child who did see the baby has seen some child .	has this child who did see the baby seen some child ?
those animals that this boy has picked are drawing .	are those animals that this boy has picked drawing ?
this girl who some boy is reaching does visit the baby .	does this girl who some boy is reaching visit the baby ?
some animals that some girls shall visit would try .	would some animals that some girls shall visit try ?
the children who the girls have visited were falling .	were the children who the girls have visited falling ?
this person that the person does help has walked .	has this person that the person does help walked ?
some girls that some boy shall see have talked .	have some girls that some boy shall see talked ?
the children that were finding the child can sit .	can the children that were finding the child sit ?
those animals who do work are falling .	are those animals who do work falling ?
some person that the babies were watching would read .	would some person that the babies were watching read ?
this child who some children can see has fed this child .	has this child who some children can see fed this child ?
the people that some people have watched shall see some horses .	shall the people that some people have watched see some horses ?
the boy who would feed the people is seeing those babies behind the boy .	is the boy who would feed the people seeing those babies behind the boy ?
this child who this person was visiting is calling some babies behind some child .	is this child who this person was visiting calling some babies behind some child ?
the baby that the child was knowing has watched this baby behind some boys .	has the baby that the child was knowing watched this baby behind some boys ?
this person who this baby has known was reading .	was this person who this baby has known reading ?
some girl that did watch some horse would talk .	would some girl that did watch some horse talk ?
some horse that the baby is calling has seen some animal .	has some horse that the baby is calling seen some animal ?
this boy who did find some animal can call some girls that are visiting this boy .	can this boy who did find some animal call some girls that are visiting this boy ?
some person who was feeding some girl would talk .	would some person who was feeding some girl talk ?
some animal that some child was finding has found some girls .	has some animal that some child was finding found some girls ?
the boys who those children have reached would work .	would the boys who those children have reached work ?
the girls that were feeding some horses did see the boys behind some animal .	did the girls that were feeding some horses see the boys behind some animal ?
those girls that are falling have picked some baby that has visited some babies .	have those girls that are falling picked some baby that has visited some babies ?
some animals who would read are reading .	are some animals who would read reading ?
the girl that has seen the boy was seeing this person behind those people .	was the girl that has seen the boy seeing this person behind those people ?
some person that the horse does see has played .	has some person that the horse does see played ?
some animals that have helped some person are walking .	are some animals that have helped some person walking ?
the horse who the horse has helped can work .	can the horse who the horse has helped work ?
this child who does play is walking .	is this child who does play walking ?
this baby that is drawing did work .	did this baby that is drawing work ?
those girls who were helping some horses have known this horse by the children .	have those girls who were helping some horses known this horse by the children ?
some horse that has visited this baby shall know some horses that are finding some animals .	shall some horse that has visited this baby know some horses that are finding some animals ?
some babies that have picked some baby were siting .	were some babies that have picked some baby siting ?
the baby that has read is calling the boy .	is the baby that has read calling the boy ?
this animal who the boy is knowing was working .	was this animal who the boy is knowing working ?
this person who does feed the person shall watch some children by those people .	shall this person who does feed the person watch some children by those people ?
this girl who this child would visit was calling some animals .	was this girl who this child would visit calling some animals ?
this child that shall visit this animal was watching the person who the girls do find .	was this child that shall visit this animal watching the person who the girls do find ?
the person who has called those girls is calling some boy who this girl is knowing .	is the person who has called those girls calling some boy who this girl is knowing ?
the girls who the animals would watch have read .	have the girls who the animals would watch read ?
some horse who those children do call did visit some girl that the baby has called .	did some horse who those children do call visit some girl that the baby has called ?
the baby that shall work has walked .	has the baby that shall work walked ?
this baby who has tried is working .	is this baby who has tried working ?
this horse who those horses can visit has played .	has this horse who those horses can visit played ?
some babies that are falling can read .	can some babies that are falling read ?
some horses who the girl can see have drawn .	have some horses who the girl can see drawn ?
the animals who would sit have fallen .	have the animals who would sit fallen ?
the animals that are knowing some horses can read .	can the animals that are knowing some horses read ?
this animal who was watching the animal is working .	is this animal who was watching the animal working ?
some animals that some girls can visit have sat .	have some animals that some girls can visit sat ?
some children who have talked do feed this animal behind the animals .	do some children who have talked feed this animal behind the animals ?
some horses who have fed the horses do reach some horse .	do some horses who have fed the horses reach some horse ?
some boy who this boy does feed was seeing those horses that are drawing .	was some boy who this boy does feed seeing those horses that are drawing ?
the horses who this baby does see have walked .	have the horses who this baby does see walked ?
the children that some horse is seeing were falling .	were the children that some horse is seeing falling ?
some horse who some girls were picking did walk .	did some horse who some girls were picking walk ?
this baby that some horse was helping does draw .	does this baby that some horse was helping draw ?
those people that have reached the animals are reading .	are those people that have reached the animals reading ?
some people who have watched some girl would know the girls behind the baby .	would some people who have watched some girl know the girls behind the baby ?
the children who some person does reach shall call some people by some people .	shall the children who some person does reach call some people by some people ?
the children that have called those horses were helping the people who those people have helped .	were the children that have called those horses helping the people who those people have helped ?
this horse that can pick this person has walked .	has this horse that can pick this person walked ?
some horses who would visit the children have found some horses .	have some horses who would visit the children found some horses ?
some child who has read does help some children behind some child .	does some child who has read help some children behind some child ?
some girl who was watching those people can call this baby behind those girls .	can some girl who was watching those people call this baby behind those girls ?
the child that can know this animal is feeding this baby behind this person .	is the child that can know this animal feeding this baby behind this person ?
some people who have picked this baby would talk .	would some people who have picked this baby talk ?
those babies who the babies would help shall pick this animal behind those babies .	shall those babies who the babies would help pick this animal behind those babies ?
those horses that have slept are picking the animal who is reaching the child .	are those horses that have slept picking the animal who is reaching the child ?
the girl that would know some people is drawing .	is the girl that would know some people drawing ?
the girls who this person can see have walked .	have the girls who this person can see walked ?
the people who are picking the horses do walk .	do the people who are picking the horses walk ?
this girl who is reading would know some horse behind some child .	would this girl who is reading know some horse behind some child ?
the children that some baby has helped have drawn .	have the children that some baby has helped drawn ?
those babies that were knowing some boy do pick some boy by those girls .	do those babies that were knowing some boy pick some boy by those girls ?
some horse who is knowing those horses shall feed the baby .	shall some horse who is knowing those horses feed the baby ?
some girls that those boys have found shall call the children behind the horses .	shall some girls that those boys have found call the children behind the horses ?
those girls that can feed the boys shall play .	shall those girls that can feed the boys play ?
some animal who was reaching this baby has helped this girl behind this child .	has some animal who was reaching this baby helped this girl behind this child ?
this girl that the child shall call has slept .	has this girl that the child shall call slept ?
some girls that do help those boys would watch some baby by some girl .	would some girls that do help those boys watch some baby by some girl ?
some animals that some baby has visited are reaching those animals who are visiting this horse .	are some animals that some baby has visited reaching those animals who are visiting this horse ?
this baby that the person has known is walking .	is this baby that the person has known walking ?
some baby who the person is finding has found those children .	has some baby who the person is finding found those children ?
this person who this girl has called would work .	would this person who this girl has called work ?
the horse who the people can help has helped those babies .	has the horse who the people can help helped those babies ?
some babies that have seen those boys did watch those babies behind the animals .	did some babies that have seen those boys watch those babies behind the animals ?
those animals that are visiting some horse did call the babies .	did those animals that are visiting some horse call the babies ?
those animals who have worked are picking the children behind those boys .	are those animals who have worked picking the children behind those boys ?
some people that have reached those horses shall sleep .	shall some people that have reached those horses sleep ?
those people that those boys can watch are playing .	are those people that those boys can watch playing ?
some girls that those boys were seeing shall find some people by some animals .	shall some girls that those boys were seeing find some people by some animals ?
this horse who some child was visiting would play .	would this horse who some child was visiting play ?
the person that the people were calling has drawn .	has the person that the people were calling drawn ?
some animal who some horse did pick has sat .	has some animal who some horse did pick sat ?
those boys who would work are talking .	are those boys who would work talking ?
the girl that some child is calling has slept .	has the girl that some child is calling slept ?
this girl who did read has slept .	has this girl who did read slept ?
those babies who did work were reaching this horse behind some animals .	were those babies who did work reaching this horse behind some animals ?
the girls who some people have found can call the people by some babies .	can the girls who some people have found call the people by some babies ?
some horses that those children shall visit have talked .	have some horses that those children shall visit talked ?
some girl who some girls would find was calling the boys by some girls .	was some girl who some girls would find calling the boys by some girls ?
the child that has picked the animal did fall .	did the child that has picked the animal fall ?
some boy that the boy was knowing is walking .	is some boy that the boy was knowing walking ?
the animals that have visited this baby are watching some children .	are the animals that have visited this baby watching some children ?
those boys that some girls have called would sit .	would those boys that some girls have called sit ?
the girl who has called some horses would try .	would the girl who has called some horses try ?
some girls who were working have played .	have some girls who were working played ?
the horses who are reaching some children have helped the boys behind the animal .	have the horses who are reaching some children helped the boys behind the animal ?
this girl who has reached those girls would find those boys .	would this girl who has reached those girls find those boys ?
this girl that some child would know was helping the people who have called the baby .	was this girl that some child would know helping the people who have called the baby ?
some girl that those people were helping has fed some animal behind some boys .	has some girl that those people were helping fed some animal behind some boys ?
some girls that have watched the horse do read .	do some girls that have watched the horse read ?
some horse who did try has drawn .	has some horse who did try drawn ?
some horses that the girls do help are feeding some boys .	are some horses that the girls do help feeding some boys ?
some children who this girl was helping are watching the horses who the person is finding .	are some children who this girl was helping watching the horses who the person is finding ?
those horses that do read have visited the animal behind this child .	have those horses that do read visited the animal behind this child ?
those animals who shall read can talk .	can those animals who shall read talk ?
the boys that shall call some girls have reached this person that is feeding this baby .	have the boys that shall call some girls reached this person that is feeding this baby ?
the children who are helping this boy did reach some baby that those people have found .	did the children who are helping this boy reach some baby that those people have found ?
those babies who have known the babies are siting .	are those babies who have known the babies siting ?
those horses who are finding this boy shall know the boy that shall visit those people .	shall those horses who are finding this boy know the boy that shall visit those people ?
those children that can play did try .	did those children that can play try ?
the horse who did call the horses was reaching some baby by some horse .	was the horse who did call the horses reaching some baby by some horse ?
some horses who did visit the animal do help this horse that is feeding some boy .	do some horses who did visit the animal help this horse that is feeding some boy ?
this boy that is feeding those babies shall visit this horse by those children .	shall this boy that is feeding those babies visit this horse by those children ?
this girl that was calling some child has tried .	has this girl that was calling some child tried ?
this girl that those children have fed has worked .	has this girl that those children have fed worked ?
some girls that have seen this girl are picking the girl .	are some girls that have seen this girl picking the girl ?
those people who some child has fed have fallen .	have those people who some child has fed fallen ?
this girl who the animal is calling did work .	did this girl who the animal is calling work ?
the people who were helping this horse have played .	have the people who were helping this horse played ?
those people that those people have visited are siting .	are those people that those people have visited siting ?
some horses who were calling the horse have drawn .	have some horses who were calling the horse drawn ?
this child that shall help this girl has worked .	has this child that shall help this girl worked ?
some babies who have visited the babies were knowing those horses by those girls .	were some babies who have visited the babies knowing those horses by those girls ?
some animal that the child can know is feeding this person .	is some animal that the child can know feeding this person ?
this child that this baby did know has tried .	has this child that this baby did know tried ?
the girl that was falling can watch the boys .	can the girl that was falling watch the boys ?
this child that is knowing the boy would pick some baby who the girl can pick .	would this child that is knowing the boy pick some baby who the girl can pick ?
those children that some people do find have reached this child .	have those children that some people do find reached this child ?
some person that has visited some horse can try .	can some person that has visited some horse try ?
those children that some horses are picking have found this person behind those animals .	have those children that some horses are picking found this person behind those animals ?
those animals who have picked this boy would sleep .	would those animals who have picked this boy sleep ?
some girls who are seeing this animal have tried .	have some girls who are seeing this animal tried ?
the horse that was helping the person would see some horse by some boys .	would the horse that was helping the person see some horse by some boys ?
those boys who have fed some horses would help some baby who would pick some girls .	would those boys who have fed some horses help some baby who would pick some girls ?
some children that this horse has picked were playing .	were some children that this horse has picked playing ?
this boy who some girl was seeing can see those people .	can this boy who some girl was seeing see those people ?
those people who have known some girl shall sleep .	shall those people who have known some girl sleep ?
some boy that has fallen would reach those boys that the girl can watch .	would some boy that has fallen reach those boys that the girl can watch ?
the girls that those boys did pick do fall .	do the girls that those boys did pick fall ?
some horses that those horses did call were walking .	were some horses that those horses did call walking ?
the horses who those girls can reach were helping some children behind some horse .	were the horses who those girls can reach helping some children behind some horse ?
some girl that is walking was calling some animal .	was some girl that is walking calling some animal ?
the babies who the horses are reaching were trying .	were the babies who the horses are reaching trying ?
some baby who was drawing does watch some babies by some boy .	does some baby who was drawing watch some babies by some boy ?
some child who is finding the people has found those girls that shall reach the baby .	has some child who is finding the people found those girls that shall reach the baby ?
those boys that some animals shall find were helping this person that the girls are knowing .	were those boys that some animals shall find helping this person that the girls are knowing ?
the person that was walking does pick the girl behind those boys .	does the person that was walking pick the girl behind those boys ?
those babies that have played can draw .	can those babies that have played draw ?
the horse that this person did visit can know some boys by some girls .	can the horse that this person did visit know some boys by some girls ?
the boy who was calling some boy shall play .	shall the boy who was calling some boy play ?
the person that some person did pick does know some girl by some horse .	does the person that some person did pick know some girl by some horse ?
this horse who some girls are helping was knowing the girls who were feeding some girls .	was this horse who some girls are helping knowing the girls who were feeding some girls ?
the animal who some animal did know has called those people behind the boy .	has the animal who some animal did know called those people behind the boy ?
some boys that have watched the animal would reach the girls .	would some boys that have watched the animal reach the girls ?
those animals who are picking the boys were siting .	were those animals who are picking the boys siting ?
the babies who those horses have found did sleep .	did the babies who those horses have found sleep ?
those children that were seeing those children can visit some horse .	can those children that were seeing those children visit some horse ?
the person that has called the child would help some baby .	would the person that has called the child help some baby ?
this girl who the babies did watch is picking the person behind some animals .	is this girl who the babies did watch picking the person behind some animals ?
those people who can help some horses are working .	are those people who can help some horses working ?
this baby who can work did call those babies by those girls .	did this baby who can work call those babies by those girls ?
those people who are helping some person would read .	would those people who are helping some person read ?
those people that some boys are visiting have visited some child who can know those horses .	have those people that some boys are visiting visited some child who can know those horses ?
the boy that some horses have watched was falling .	was the boy that some horses have watched falling ?
those children who the children would find have walked .	have those children who the children would find walked ?
some people who the girls do know have tried .	have some people who the girls do know tried ?
some people who have tried are reaching this horse by some girl .	are some people who have tried reaching this horse by some girl ?
the girls that the animal would know have drawn .	have the girls that the animal would know drawn ?
the horses who have sat would call some girls .	would the horses who have sat call some girls ?
the boys that some babies have visited can sit .	can the boys that some babies have visited sit ?
the girls that the child can feed were visiting the baby who has talked .	were the girls that the child can feed visiting the baby who has talked ?
some person that those animals have fed is falling .	is some person that those animals have fed falling ?
this horse who has slept does find some horse .	does this horse who has slept find some horse ?
those people who are calling the baby have picked this horse behind some babies .	have those people who are calling the baby picked this horse behind some babies ?
some babies who are walking can play .	can some babies who are walking play ?
this person who was finding some boy is playing .	is this person who was finding some boy playing ?
those babies who the person was reaching have picked this girl .	have those babies who the person was reaching picked this girl ?
some animal that some children can help is seeing some girl that this child would call .	is some animal that some children can help seeing some girl that this child would call ?
this boy who is seeing those horses has called some animals by the children .	has this boy who is seeing those horses called some animals by the children ?
some boy who some babies have visited has seen some people .	has some boy who some babies have visited seen some people ?
some boys that did sleep have seen some horses .	have some boys that did sleep seen some horses ?
the girl who those girls have called has drawn .	has the girl who those girls have called drawn ?
the girl who was sleeping would walk .	would the girl who was sleeping walk ?
this person that has watched some horses shall help some person behind the girl .	shall this person that has watched some horses help some person behind the girl ?
some girls who have slept shall feed those babies that would work .	shall some girls who have slept feed those babies that would work ?
some boy that would watch this person has played .	has some boy that would watch this person played ?
some horses who those girls do find can pick the horse behind this animal .	can some horses who those girls do find pick the horse behind this animal ?
some baby who some people have visited would play .	would some baby who some people have visited play ?
the babies that have fed the child do see some girls .	do the babies that have fed the child see some girls ?
the horses who those boys were helping did watch this person who did pick the person .	did the horses who those boys were helping watch this person who did pick the person ?
the child that has watched those horses was falling .	was the child that has watched those horses falling ?
the animals who were feeding some child have fallen .	have the animals who were feeding some child fallen ?
some child that is picking some horse can watch the horses .	can some child that is picking some horse watch the horses ?
this girl that the boys do watch was calling this horse .	was this girl that the boys do watch calling this horse ?
this person that some babies have watched is picking the horses behind some children .	is this person that some babies have watched picking the horses behind some children ?
this baby who was calling the person can walk .	can this baby who was calling the person walk ?
those horses that those children have watched are visiting the people that the animals can reach .	are those horses that those children have watched visiting the people that the animals can reach ?
the horse that has helped some animal is talking .	is the horse that has helped some animal talking ?
this girl that this child has picked is helping those animals .	is this girl that this child has picked helping those animals ?
some baby that has worked can feed the children that the boy did know .	can some baby that has worked feed the children that the boy did know ?
the person who those boys have visited did see some boys .	did the person who those boys have visited see some boys ?
some baby who some baby was picking can draw .	can some baby who some baby was picking draw ?
some animals that were finding those animals are walking .	are some animals that were finding those animals walking ?
the baby who is calling this person did feed some boys who have called some people .	did the baby who is calling this person feed some boys who have called some people ?
some girl that shall pick the animal has known those boys .	has some girl that shall pick the animal known those boys ?
the people who some person can reach have played .	have the people who some person can reach played ?
the people that would visit the horses have read .	have the people that would visit the horses read ?
the baby who the horses have found was trying .	was the baby who the horses have found trying ?
this baby who the animals can feed has visited the children that are walking .	has this baby who the animals can feed visited the children that are walking ?
the babies who have reached those horses were playing .	were the babies who have reached those horses playing ?
some child that the babies do call was visiting those girls behind the people .	was some child that the babies do call visiting those girls behind the people ?
this person who the boy is seeing has played .	has this person who the boy is seeing played ?
the child who those animals were reaching does watch some animal behind some girls .	does the child who those animals were reaching watch some animal behind some girls ?
some horse who is helping those horses shall try .	shall some horse who is helping those horses try ?
some girl that some horses have visited is siting .	is some girl that some horses have visited siting ?
the girl that did reach the child was watching the horse .	was the girl that did reach the child watching the horse ?
the boys that some boys can pick shall fall .	shall the boys that some boys can pick fall ?
this baby who has walked is trying .	is this baby who has walked trying ?
this horse who the babies were finding has seen some children by some boy .	has this horse who the babies were finding seen some children by some boy ?
some babies that the girl can pick have helped some children by some animals .	have some babies that the girl can pick helped some children by some animals ?
some animals who are playing have visited some children by some animals .	have some animals who are playing visited some children by some animals ?
the horses who the girls do pick are reaching those girls behind this horse .	are the horses who the girls do pick reaching those girls behind this horse ?
the children that were knowing the child do walk .	do the children that were knowing the child walk ?
the baby that has helped this boy was falling .	was the baby that has helped this boy falling ?
some babies who some children were knowing have visited some people .	have some babies who some children were knowing visited some people ?
the boy that has visited those girls does talk .	does the boy that has visited those girls talk ?
some person that has called the horses would see some children .	would some person that has called the horses see some children ?
some baby who the horse does watch has fallen .	has some baby who the horse does watch fallen ?
the child that has tried was calling those girls by this baby .	was the child that has tried calling those girls by this baby ?
the girls that this animal was seeing would feed the horses behind the babies .	would the girls that this animal was seeing feed the horses behind the babies ?
this animal who some girl does find was feeding the horse who has played .	was this animal who some girl does find feeding the horse who has played ?
some girls who some animal has fed have talked .	have some girls who some animal has fed talked ?
the horse who is reaching the people has reached those people .	has the horse who is reaching the people reached those people ?
the babies that have known this horse were seeing some boy by some animal .	were the babies that have known this horse seeing some boy by some animal ?
some horse that some animals can feed does sleep .	does some horse that some animals can feed sleep ?
this horse that those people were knowing was helping this boy .	was this horse that those people were knowing helping this boy ?
the girl who can pick the girl has watched some child by those babies .	has the girl who can pick the girl watched some child by those babies ?
the animal who was calling those girls shall walk .	shall the animal who was calling those girls walk ?
some animals who have fed the horse would sit .	would some animals who have fed the horse sit ?
some child who has fed those girls is talking .	is some child who has fed those girls talking ?
the horse who was trying did walk .	did the horse who was trying walk ?
the animal who has known those animals was helping some boy behind this girl .	was the animal who has known those animals helping some boy behind this girl ?
some horses that some person can visit shall feed this horse who has visited those children .	shall some horses that some person can visit feed this horse who has visited those children ?
those animals that some child would reach have slept .	have those animals that some child would reach slept ?
those boys who some baby has called shall watch those animals that the child shall visit .	shall those boys who some baby has called watch those animals that the child shall visit ?
some boys that were sleeping have tried .	have some boys that were sleeping tried ?
this animal that some boys have helped is knowing some children behind the girls .	is this animal that some boys have helped knowing some children behind the girls ?
those girls who the girl was knowing have watched this child by some animals .	have those girls who the girl was knowing watched this child by some animals ?
those people who would play were falling .	were those people who would play falling ?
those children that were visiting those girls have watched those babies .	have those children that were visiting those girls watched those babies ?
the people that have talked would see the animal behind those children .	would the people that have talked see the animal behind those children ?
some girl who some horses were calling is trying .	is some girl who some horses were calling trying ?
the horse who those animals shall visit does see some girls that were walking .	does the horse who those animals shall visit see some girls that were walking ?
the people that this baby has known are talking .	are the people that this baby has known talking ?
this child that the animals shall reach has picked those horses behind this child .	has this child that the animals shall reach picked those horses behind this child ?
this child who the child can pick is watching those girls that were seeing some horses .	is this child who the child can pick watching those girls that were seeing some horses ?
the children who did find the girls have seen this animal by some person .	have the children who did find the girls seen this animal by some person ?
this animal who is picking the horses has seen some girls .	has this animal who is picking the horses seen some girls ?
this baby that was feeding this boy has walked .	has this baby that was feeding this boy walked ?
the girls that shall watch this baby are helping the baby by the baby .	are the girls that shall watch this baby helping the baby by the baby ?
the people that have played would work .	would the people that have played work ?
those children that the animal can see have tried .	have those children that the animal can see tried ?
some boy that has slept did call this person by the person .	did some boy that has slept call this person by the person ?
the person that did talk has talked .	has the person that did talk talked ?
this person who was sleeping would reach some people behind this person .	would this person who was sleeping reach some people behind this person ?
some girl who some horse shall find has reached those people .	has some girl who some horse shall find reached those people ?
the boys that this horse has watched shall walk .	shall the boys that this horse has watched walk ?
some animal who has seen those girls is playing .	is some animal who has seen those girls playing ?
the boy who this child has visited shall feed those babies .	shall the boy who this child has visited feed those babies ?
the baby that is sleeping does visit this horse behind some child .	does the baby that is sleeping visit this horse behind some child ?
some animal who those babies would pick has reached some person by some child .	has some animal who those babies would pick reached some person by some child ?
those animals who are visiting some animals have talked .	have those animals who are visiting some animals talked ?
some animal who the boy has fed is finding those boys who can pick some horses .	is some animal who the boy has fed finding those boys who can pick some horses ?
the person that has reached the horse was knowing this child behind the boys .	was the person that has reached the horse knowing this child behind the boys ?
this child that the people have visited has picked this baby .	has this child that the people have visited picked this baby ?
some horses that the girl does find were falling .	were some horses that the girl does find falling ?
the horses who did help this child have walked .	have the horses who did help this child walked ?
the children who those horses shall pick have watched those boys who have tried .	have the children who those horses shall pick watched those boys who have tried ?
the horse that shall play has seen some child by those girls .	has the horse that shall play seen some child by those girls ?
the boy who those boys are calling has called those people by those children .	has the boy who those boys are calling called those people by those children ?
those horses that some horses have visited were sleeping .	were those horses that some horses have visited sleeping ?
the babies that some animals would feed have found the girl who those people are feeding .	have the babies that some animals would feed found the girl who those people are feeding ?
this animal who was calling this horse has slept .	has this animal who was calling this horse slept ?
the horse who can fall does sleep .	does the horse who can fall sleep ?
some girl who is finding the person was playing .	was some girl who is finding the person playing ?
some girl that the children were reaching would see the babies who were trying .	would some girl that the children were reaching see the babies who were trying ?
those children who did call those babies have played .	have those children who did call those babies played ?
some child who those boys have picked was drawing .	was some child who those boys have picked drawing ?
those girls who were seeing those animals have seen some people behind this person .	have those girls who were seeing those animals seen some people behind this person ?
some girl who the children have found has fed the horses who can find the children .	has some girl who the children have found fed the horses who can find the children ?
this person who the girls can pick has worked .	has this person who the girls can pick worked ?
some person who was talking would fall .	would some person who was talking fall ?
the person who has found some horses is finding the girls by this baby .	is the person who has found some horses finding the girls by this baby ?
this baby that would pick this horse has read .	has this baby that would pick this horse read ?
this baby that shall fall was siting .	was this baby that shall fall siting ?
this baby that shall see the animals has drawn .	has this baby that shall see the animals drawn ?
some horse that is sleeping was watching those children .	was some horse that is sleeping watching those children ?
some animals that have visited the baby were walking .	were some animals that have visited the baby walking ?
those animals who some girl can help have talked .	have those animals who some girl can help talked ?
some horses that are knowing the boys would see this animal behind the animal .	would some horses that are knowing the boys see this animal behind the animal ?
the horses who some children are feeding were feeding the person behind this horse .	were the horses who some children are feeding feeding the person behind this horse ?
those horses who this girl has watched have visited some girl behind some horse .	have those horses who this girl has watched visited some girl behind some horse ?
some children that the girl has helped have visited some people by the horses .	have some children that the girl has helped visited some people by the horses ?
the boys that shall reach some horses were walking .	were the boys that shall reach some horses walking ?
some girls who those children can help were picking those animals by the animal .	were some girls who those children can help picking those animals by the animal ?
some child who was finding some boys would work .	would some child who was finding some boys work ?
the boys that can feed the horses are walking .	are the boys that can feed the horses walking ?
the boy that the animals have visited would play .	would the boy that the animals have visited play ?
the children that have played would read .	would the children that have played read ?
the girl that has found this child can draw .	can the girl that has found this child draw ?
the animal that the boys are picking would see some animal who would know some children .	would the animal that the boys are picking see some animal who would know some children ?
this boy who is watching this horse has found those people who have known the horses .	has this boy who is watching this horse found those people who have known the horses ?
the children that would visit this baby can reach some child behind those boys .	can the children that would visit this baby reach some child behind those boys ?
some boy who is playing has helped this girl .	has some boy who is playing helped this girl ?
this child who was siting is drawing .	is this child who was siting drawing ?
the people that are calling those girls did play .	did the people that are calling those girls play ?
some animals that can read do talk .	do some animals that can read talk ?
the horse who has picked the girls is helping the girl .	is the horse who has picked the girls helping the girl ?
the horse that was picking the people has watched the horse .	has the horse that was picking the people watched the horse ?
those animals that do reach the child would walk .	would those animals that do reach the child walk ?
the horse who can find those horses shall talk .	shall the horse who can find those horses talk ?
those boys who this boy was finding shall watch some boy .	shall those boys who this boy was finding watch some boy ?
the person that those girls are knowing does try .	does the person that those girls are knowing try ?
the children who were feeding the people have reached those girls behind this girl .	have the children who were feeding the people reached those girls behind this girl ?
the children who the horses would know did walk .	did the children who the horses would know walk ?
the horse that would find this horse is reading .	is the horse that would find this horse reading ?
this boy who was helping those boys would find this horse by some girl .	would this boy who was helping those boys find this horse by some girl ?
those babies that were falling have read .	have those babies that were falling read ?
some girl that those children are watching is walking .	is some girl that those children are watching walking ?
the boys that are talking do sit .	do the boys that are talking sit ?
the children who do talk were playing .	were the children who do talk playing ?
the animals that those boys have watched do reach this child by those children .	do the animals that those boys have watched reach this child by those children ?
the girl that can watch this horse has fed the people by some baby .	has the girl that can watch this horse fed the people by some baby ?
some child who has worked did talk .	did some child who has worked talk ?
some babies that the animal does call have fed the horse .	have some babies that the animal does call fed the horse ?
the person who did talk can work .	can the person who did talk work ?
those girls who can sleep have read .	have those girls who can sleep read ?
the boys who some children are helping were feeding this horse behind some person .	were the boys who some children are helping feeding this horse behind some person ?
the animal who is calling those boys has sat .	has the animal who is calling those boys sat ?
the person who shall draw has found some girls .	has the person who shall draw found some girls ?
those children that the animals are knowing do help the children .	do those children that the animals are knowing help the children ?
the animal that was trying would read .	would the animal that was trying read ?
some animals who this baby was watching were calling those girls by the baby .	were some animals who this baby was watching calling those girls by the baby ?
those girls who some animal would know were seeing some boy by those children .	were those girls who some animal would know seeing some boy by those children ?
the horse who some animal is knowing was drawing .	was the horse who some animal is knowing drawing ?
the animals that those animals are calling do watch those girls .	do the animals that those animals are calling watch those girls ?
some horse that the horses are knowing does sleep .	does some horse that the horses are knowing sleep ?
this girl that the girl is visiting can find some animals by those babies .	can this girl that the girl is visiting find some animals by those babies ?
the child that this child is knowing would see this child .	would the child that this child is knowing see this child ?
the people that shall feed those people did talk .	did the people that shall feed those people talk ?
those boys that can feed this horse have worked .	have those boys that can feed this horse worked ?
this girl that was seeing some horse has drawn .	has this girl that was seeing some horse drawn ?
the child who did fall has seen some boys by some baby .	has the child who did fall seen some boys by some baby ?
some babies that this boy is visiting are seeing this baby .	are some babies that this boy is visiting seeing this baby ?
the child that those animals were helping has visited the girl that has visited the girls .	has the child that those animals were helping visited the girl that has visited the girls ?
the girls that did feed those horses have fallen .	have the girls that did feed those horses fallen ?
the child who did reach this girl can feed those girls behind the girls .	can the child who did reach this girl feed those girls behind the girls ?
the girls that were drawing can watch the people behind those people .	can the girls that were drawing watch the people behind those people ?
some girls that have known the person can play .	can some girls that have known the person play ?
the girl that is working has walked .	has the girl that is working walked ?
the people who have sat would pick this boy by this animal .	would the people who have sat pick this boy by this animal ?
this girl that some person is helping would watch the boy by some animal .	would this girl that some person is helping watch the boy by some animal ?
the boys who have drawn were playing .	were the boys who have drawn playing ?
some babies who have read do call some animal by some girls .	do some babies who have read call some animal by some girls ?
the horse who shall watch some animal is walking .	is the horse who shall watch some animal walking ?
some animals that shall visit those horses have fallen .	have some animals that shall visit those horses fallen ?
the horses who those girls did watch were seeing some horses who have watched the boys .	were the horses who those girls did watch seeing some horses who have watched the boys ?
those babies that have helped the baby were reading .	were those babies that have helped the baby reading ?
the baby that would sit shall sleep .	shall the baby that would sit sleep ?
some animal that some person has reached was watching some girl .	was some animal that some person has reached watching some girl ?
those horses that did draw have sat .	have those horses that did draw sat ?
some person that was reading is walking .	is some person that was reading walking ?
the horses who can sit were reading .	were the horses who can sit reading ?
some boy who can draw has known this person behind this baby .	has some boy who can draw known this person behind this baby ?
those girls that the boy has visited have known some children by the animals .	have those girls that the boy has visited known some children by the animals ?
some children who are trying do pick this boy who did feed the people .	do some children who are trying pick this boy who did feed the people ?
this horse who has found some animal is finding some children who were seeing some children .	is this horse who has found some animal finding some children who were seeing some children ?
some people that were siting have drawn .	have some people that were siting drawn ?
this person who the baby was calling is picking the babies who would play .	is this person who the baby was calling picking the babies who would play ?
the horse that has walked is helping those children that some girls shall see .	is the horse that has walked helping those children that some girls shall see ?
those boys that this boy would know have played .	have those boys that this boy would know played ?
those boys that are watching some people were picking those people behind this horse .	were those boys that are watching some people picking those people behind this horse ?
this boy that was watching the animal has played .	has this boy that was watching the animal played ?
some person who was helping some person has watched some babies behind this child .	has some person who was helping some person watched some babies behind this child ?
some girl that would know the person has picked the girl behind some boy .	has some girl that would know the person picked the girl behind some boy ?
those horses that the children were visiting do find some boy who some babies were visiting .	do those horses that the children were visiting find some boy who some babies were visiting ?
this animal who has helped the person shall help some animals .	shall this animal who has helped the person help some animals ?
those babies that do pick this horse were finding those children behind some animals .	were those babies that do pick this horse finding those children behind some animals ?
this baby who the girl did feed has read .	has this baby who the girl did feed read ?
some child who those children would know is seeing the horses behind some children .	is some child who those children would know seeing the horses behind some children ?
the baby who the animal has visited is feeding the horse behind this baby .	is the baby who the animal has visited feeding the horse behind this baby ?
the boy who some horse has picked is sleeping .	is the boy who some horse has picked sleeping ?
those boys who are reaching those children would talk .	would those boys who are reaching those children talk ?
this boy that those girls have called was picking this person behind the horse .	was this boy that those girls have called picking this person behind the horse ?
this boy who has fed the babies is falling .	is this boy who has fed the babies falling ?
this person that has tried does reach some children behind the boys .	does this person that has tried reach some children behind the boys ?
the horse that is watching the animal does see those children .	does the horse that is watching the animal see those children ?
those children who are finding this boy were sleeping .	were those children who are finding this boy sleeping ?
the animal that the baby did find has visited the girls by this boy .	has the animal that the baby did find visited the girls by this boy ?
those boys that were reaching some animals did read .	did those boys that were reaching some animals read ?
some baby that did help some girl has talked .	has some baby that did help some girl talked ?
some baby who is trying has tried .	has some baby who is trying tried ?
those people that do work have sat .	have those people that do work sat ?
some animal who would reach the children has slept .	has some animal who would reach the children slept ?
the boy that has found this boy does play .	does the boy that has found this boy play ?
some boy that has helped those children is picking the person .	is some boy that has helped those children picking the person ?
some baby who the person is knowing was working .	was some baby who the person is knowing working ?
some children that the animal was watching are talking .	are some children that the animal was watching talking ?
some boy that is reaching this horse has watched the boy that some animal has watched .	has some boy that is reaching this horse watched the boy that some animal has watched ?
some animal who does walk has played .	has some animal who does walk played ?
the baby that is calling this boy has worked .	has the baby that is calling this boy worked ?
the girls who the person has called have seen the child by some animals .	have the girls who the person has called seen the child by some animals ?
some person who did visit some people does work .	does some person who did visit some people work ?
some girl that some people have found has known the horse .	has some girl that some people have found known the horse ?
the children who those girls shall call are sleeping .	are the children who those girls shall call sleeping ?
this baby that those horses would reach did pick some person who did help this girl .	did this baby that those horses would reach pick some person who did help this girl ?
the children that shall walk are talking .	are the children that shall walk talking ?
some children who have known this child were siting .	were some children who have known this child siting ?
some boy that some girl has known is drawing .	is some boy that some girl has known drawing ?
the children who can visit the horses have played .	have the children who can visit the horses played ?
the girls who were reading have visited this person .	have the girls who were reading visited this person ?
those people who have tried were picking some people behind some girl .	were those people who have tried picking some people behind some girl ?
this girl who those horses were picking can draw .	can this girl who those horses were picking draw ?
the boys who have drawn are sleeping .	are the boys who have drawn sleeping ?
those girls who some animal has seen have worked .	have those girls who some animal has seen worked ?
the animal that the child has fed was drawing .	was the animal that the child has fed drawing ?
this boy that has reached those people would visit those horses who this child is helping .	would this boy that has reached those people visit those horses who this child is helping ?
the babies who those girls would watch have fed the horse by the horses .	have the babies who those girls would watch fed the horse by the horses ?
the horses that this person is visiting were calling some person that did find the person .	were the horses that this person is visiting calling some person that did find the person ?
the horses that the girl did call shall walk .	shall the horses that the girl did call walk ?
some baby that does visit those horses has picked some babies that the animals shall know .	has some baby that does visit those horses picked some babies that the animals shall know ?
some animals that can pick some boys do talk .	do some animals that can pick some boys talk ?
the baby that some boys have found can walk .	can the baby that some boys have found walk ?
the animals who those girls were helping have picked the animal behind this girl .	have the animals who those girls were helping picked the animal behind this girl ?
those animals that the girls are watching were sleeping .	were those animals that the girls are watching sleeping ?
the boys that have called this child are visiting those children by the baby .	are the boys that have called this child visiting those children by the baby ?
some boys that this person has helped have talked .	have some boys that this person has helped talked ?
this boy who this person would see has fed those horses behind some person .	has this boy who this person would see fed those horses behind some person ?
some children that some boys can see were reaching those horses by those animals .	were some children that some boys can see reaching those horses by those animals ?
the girl that has reached the babies does try .	does the girl that has reached the babies try ?
some child who this baby has called can walk .	can some child who this baby has called walk ?
those animals who the children have watched did watch the girls .	did those animals who the children have watched watch the girls ?
this baby who those animals do know has played .	has this baby who those animals do know played ?
this horse that was helping the children does find this horse that would fall .	does this horse that was helping the children find this horse that would fall ?
those people who can fall have watched the girls behind some children .	have those people who can fall watched the girls behind some children ?
this girl that has helped the people was playing .	was this girl that has helped the people playing ?
some girls who the girls were finding do reach this animal behind this girl .	do some girls who the girls were finding reach this animal behind this girl ?
the boy that was helping this animal does pick this baby .	does the boy that was helping this animal pick this baby ?
this animal that this person is helping was trying .	was this animal that this person is helping trying ?
the boys who shall fall have walked .	have the boys who shall fall walked ?
the children that some child has visited were seeing some animals .	were the children that some child has visited seeing some animals ?
this boy that was calling the baby is calling the baby .	is this boy that was calling the baby calling the baby ?
some animal that would feed this person has helped some girl behind some animal .	has some animal that would feed this person helped some girl behind some animal ?
those babies who those horses would know did sit .	did those babies who those horses would know sit ?
some people who those people have called are visiting the boys that do pick the girls .	are some people who those people have called visiting the boys that do pick the girls ?
this boy that would visit some person did feed the animals .	did this boy that would visit some person feed the animals ?
some girls that do pick the horses were reading .	were some girls that do pick the horses reading ?
the boys who are siting have helped some boy .	have the boys who are siting helped some boy ?
those children who did read are walking .	are those children who did read walking ?
the babies that the girl did reach are playing .	are the babies that the girl did reach playing ?
those boys that shall sleep can sit .	can those boys that shall sleep sit ?
the children who did find the horses are sleeping .	are the children who did find the horses sleeping ?
those horses that the animal has reached are calling this animal .	are those horses that the animal has reached calling this animal ?
those horses who do know some girls shall work .	shall those horses who do know some girls work ?
the people who the horse has helped shall read .	shall the people who the horse has helped read ?
this animal that is knowing the people has picked the children by the children .	has this animal that is knowing the people picked the children by the children ?
the babies who the boys have found are knowing this girl by the boys .	are the babies who the boys have found knowing this girl by the boys ?
some animals who can talk would call some child by some boys .	would some animals who can talk call some child by some boys ?
the person that has walked was drawing .	was the person that has walked drawing ?
some person who the girls are calling was reaching those horses .	was some person who the girls are calling reaching those horses ?
the animal who the boys have found has read .	has the animal who the boys have found read ?
some children that did call some boys do try .	do some children that did call some boys try ?
those babies who have picked the girls were falling .	were those babies who have picked the girls falling ?
those people who have found the baby shall watch those animals behind the boys .	shall those people who have found the baby watch those animals behind the boys ?
some babies that are reaching some animals have helped some baby .	have some babies that are reaching some animals helped some baby ?
some boy that has tried does talk .	does some boy that has tried talk ?
those children that were walking have played .	have those children that were walking played ?
those children that did find this horse shall reach those horses that the child is picking .	shall those children that did find this horse reach those horses that the child is picking ?
some babies that those boys did pick are visiting this animal that the animals did help .	are some babies that those boys did pick visiting this animal that the animals did help ?
those people who those children have visited are walking .	are those people who those children have visited walking ?
those people that some horse has visited have worked .	have those people that some horse has visited worked ?
this girl that can know this girl has walked .	has this girl that can know this girl walked ?
this baby who was watching the baby has walked .	has this baby who was watching the baby walked ?
some boy that does reach some people has played .	has some boy that does reach some people played ?
some horses who this animal has picked have seen some animals .	have some horses who this animal has picked seen some animals ?
this baby who this animal did call has fallen .	has this baby who this animal did call fallen ?
the horse who some animals have seen is playing .	is the horse who some animals have seen playing ?
some boy that did visit those children is picking this horse .	is some boy that did visit those children picking this horse ?
the girls that are walking have talked .	have the girls that are walking talked ?
the children who some boy was feeding have known this person behind some person .	have the children who some boy was feeding known this person behind some person ?
those children that are finding those animals shall see the people .	shall those children that are finding those animals see the people ?
the people that those children do pick have called the horses behind some animals .	have the people that those children do pick called the horses behind some animals ?
some children that would feed some children can reach this child by some people .	can some children that would feed some children reach this child by some people ?
the boys who are feeding some girl have reached those boys behind this person .	have the boys who are feeding some girl reached those boys behind this person ?
some people who have tried do work .	do some people who have tried work ?
some baby who those animals have called has talked .	has some baby who those animals have called talked ?
some children that the girl shall reach have walked .	have some children that the girl shall reach walked ?
the child who the girl has reached did know some horse who those people have helped .	did the child who the girl has reached know some horse who those people have helped ?
this child that those animals did visit can feed some boy behind those girls .	can this child that those animals did visit feed some boy behind those girls ?
some girl that the people were feeding has found some horses .	has some girl that the people were feeding found some horses ?
the boy that this girl was calling has walked .	has the boy that this girl was calling walked ?
this horse who some person shall feed has fed some boy that is falling .	has this horse who some person shall feed fed some boy that is falling ?
this person who is calling the girls was siting .	was this person who is calling the girls siting ?
this baby who did reach the baby is finding some baby behind those horses .	is this baby who did reach the baby finding some baby behind those horses ?
this child that some babies are helping was playing .	was this child that some babies are helping playing ?
the baby that is falling does draw .	does the baby that is falling draw ?
some people who do find this animal can sit .	can some people who do find this animal sit ?
those boys that those people have watched are drawing .	are those boys that those people have watched drawing ?
the animal who the horse was finding has fed the babies .	has the animal who the horse was finding fed the babies ?
this horse who has found some people is drawing .	is this horse who has found some people drawing ?
those people that some girl was watching were helping some child who some animal does help .	were those people that some girl was watching helping some child who some animal does help ?
the animals who were visiting some child have watched those people by the baby .	have the animals who were visiting some child watched those people by the baby ?
the horse that the person was picking has slept .	has the horse that the person was picking slept ?
some horse who has played shall walk .	shall some horse who has played walk ?
some boy who the person was calling is walking .	is some boy who the person was calling walking ?
some animals who have talked are trying .	are some animals who have talked trying ?
some children that some boys are picking have watched those babies by this animal .	have some children that some boys are picking watched those babies by this animal ?
this child who those babies have found has tried .	has this child who those babies have found tried ?
this girl that some girl shall reach does reach those horses .	does this girl that some girl shall reach reach those horses ?
this baby who some animal is visiting has picked those animals behind some boy .	has this baby who some animal is visiting picked those animals behind some boy ?
the babies that have slept shall read .	shall the babies that have slept read ?
this girl that the people shall help did work .	did this girl that the people shall help work ?
those girls that some animals were watching shall watch the horses that some babies have seen .	shall those girls that some animals were watching watch the horses that some babies have seen ?
the girls that the girls would help do work .	do the girls that the girls would help work ?
the horse that has picked the boys shall draw .	shall the horse that has picked the boys draw ?
the people who those boys were helping did watch the boy that is calling the girl .	did the people who those boys were helping watch the boy that is calling the girl ?
the people that some girls do visit have watched those girls .	have the people that some girls do visit watched those girls ?
the people who were trying shall know the children .	shall the people who were trying know the children ?
the person who is picking those animals would sit .	would the person who is picking those animals sit ?
the horses who can help some children have reached the girls that some girls would find .	have the horses who can help some children reached the girls that some girls would find ?
some horse who does find the person shall sleep .	shall some horse who does find the person sleep ?
the girl that the babies have picked shall play .	shall the girl that the babies have picked play ?
some babies who shall feed the babies have visited those girls .	have some babies who shall feed the babies visited those girls ?
some horses that are watching the animals have watched those horses that the animal does visit .	have some horses that are watching the animals watched those horses that the animal does visit ?
some animal who is knowing this animal shall sit .	shall some animal who is knowing this animal sit ?
some girl that some child has helped does read .	does some girl that some child has helped read ?
some baby who is visiting the boy has worked .	has some baby who is visiting the boy worked ?
some animals that were reading would call some children behind the person .	would some animals that were reading call some children behind the person ?
some boy who the children shall know was siting .	was some boy who the children shall know siting ?
some boy who was helping this girl shall know this horse by some girl .	shall some boy who was helping this girl know this horse by some girl ?
some girls that this baby was feeding have slept .	have some girls that this baby was feeding slept ?
those girls who are watching the horse have worked .	have those girls who are watching the horse worked ?
some animals that do find this horse have seen those children who some horse shall visit .	have some animals that do find this horse seen those children who some horse shall visit ?
some child that this boy has called did know the children .	did some child that this boy has called know the children ?
those babies who this baby has watched did sleep .	did those babies who this baby has watched sleep ?
this child that is knowing the boys has fed the person by some child .	has this child that is knowing the boys fed the person by some child ?
the boy that some child would pick does pick those boys by this girl .	does the boy that some child would pick pick those boys by this girl ?
those people who the girls can feed are falling .	are those people who the girls can feed falling ?
those animals who have seen the animal did read .	did those animals who have seen the animal read ?
some boys who do sit have talked .	have some boys who do sit talked ?
the boy that was watching this girl has slept .	has the boy that was watching this girl slept ?
this baby that those boys have known has slept .	has this baby that those boys have known slept ?
the horse that was reaching those horses has drawn .	has the horse that was reaching those horses drawn ?
the animal who this boy shall call was visiting some boy .	was the animal who this boy shall call visiting some boy ?
some girl who has drawn is falling .	is some girl who has drawn falling ?
the girls that do find the animals were playing .	were the girls that do find the animals playing ?
this animal that was siting has called those animals .	has this animal that was siting called those animals ?
those animals that would talk were reaching some children by some animals .	were those animals that would talk reaching some children by some animals ?
some girl who is trying was watching the animals behind some babies .	was some girl who is trying watching the animals behind some babies ?
this girl that the horse has found would feed the horse behind some child .	would this girl that the horse has found feed the horse behind some child ?
the baby who was calling this person has watched the people by some animals .	has the baby who was calling this person watched the people by some animals ?
some people that do pick those boys have walked .	have some people that do pick those boys walked ?
the children that have found the horse do reach the animals that did reach the animals .	do the children that have found the horse reach the animals that did reach the animals ?
this child that the boy is watching did pick some boys behind some children .	did this child that the boy is watching pick some boys behind some children ?
those boys who have walked shall play .	shall those boys who have walked play ?
the babies that those children can pick shall play .	shall the babies that those children can pick play ?
the child who was sleeping can help the girls .	can the child who was sleeping help the girls ?
the child that is reaching those horses has tried .	has the child that is reaching those horses tried ?
those boys who would play have walked .	have those boys who would play walked ?
those babies that were feeding the girl have tried .	have those babies that were feeding the girl tried ?
the girl who some animal has watched was reaching the person that those people have picked .	was the girl who some animal has watched reaching the person that those people have picked ?
those people that did find those animals have called the babies that this horse was helping .	have those people that did find those animals called the babies that this horse was helping ?
those babies who those animals do know would reach the people behind those people .	would those babies who those animals do know reach the people behind those people ?
those people that were knowing this horse have drawn .	have those people that were knowing this horse drawn ?
the boys that have reached some children were watching some boy .	were the boys that have reached some children watching some boy ?
those people who would watch some boys have fed those boys who do know some baby .	have those people who would watch some boys fed those boys who do know some baby ?
the girl who those horses were helping was finding this person .	was the girl who those horses were helping finding this person ?
some horse that has fed those people was watching this boy behind this boy .	was some horse that has fed those people watching this boy behind this boy ?
the children who can walk have read .	have the children who can walk read ?
those animals who have fallen were playing .	were those animals who have fallen playing ?
those animals who have reached those boys were knowing some horses that the horse shall call .	were those animals who have reached those boys knowing some horses that the horse shall call ?
the person who is visiting this boy has picked those babies that would play .	has the person who is visiting this boy picked those babies that would play ?
the horses that do call the babies were watching the people .	were the horses that do call the babies watching the people ?
the boys who the horse did help have visited those horses who are reading .	have the boys who the horse did help visited those horses who are reading ?
some boys who the girl was knowing are walking .	are some boys who the girl was knowing walking ?
this girl who the person has seen does find some horses by those girls .	does this girl who the person has seen find some horses by those girls ?
the babies that those people have helped are feeding some person .	are the babies that those people have helped feeding some person ?
this horse who the boy has visited is working .	is this horse who the boy has visited working ?
some horses who can pick some boys were reading .	were some horses who can pick some boys reading ?
some baby who the boys have seen has picked some girls who some girl shall feed .	has some baby who the boys have seen picked some girls who some girl shall feed ?
the horses that are seeing the baby have sat .	have the horses that are seeing the baby sat ?
some animal that has read does watch the animal by some girls .	does some animal that has read watch the animal by some girls ?
the boy who has known some child did know the baby .	did the boy who has known some child know the baby ?
some boys who do fall were seeing those boys behind this baby .	were some boys who do fall seeing those boys behind this baby ?
the children who have slept are playing .	are the children who have slept playing ?
the horse that some animal is knowing did sit .	did the horse that some animal is knowing sit ?
some horse who some babies can know has talked .	has some horse who some babies can know talked ?
the person who shall watch the girls has played .	has the person who shall watch the girls played ?
some baby that does know some horses has found the children .	has some baby that does know some horses found the children ?
the child who is helping some animals has helped some animal behind those animals .	has the child who is helping some animals helped some animal behind those animals ?
some children who are talking would see some boys by those horses .	would some children who are talking see some boys by those horses ?
the animal who would visit those animals shall fall .	shall the animal who would visit those animals fall ?
the baby that has called this horse would draw .	would the baby that has called this horse draw ?
the people who would know the boy are watching the children who did walk .	are the people who would know the boy watching the children who did walk ?
some children that were sleeping have reached some animals by the animals .	have some children that were sleeping reached some animals by the animals ?
some boy that some girls are watching is walking .	is some boy that some girls are watching walking ?
this person that did reach some babies has fallen .	has this person that did reach some babies fallen ?
those animals who some people would know did sit .	did those animals who some people would know sit ?
the people that some animal has visited do see some horse .	do the people that some animal has visited see some horse ?
the horse that the child has watched did read .	did the horse that the child has watched read ?
the girl that the horse is reaching can reach some girl .	can the girl that the horse is reaching reach some girl ?
the babies who would pick the animals have talked .	have the babies who would pick the animals talked ?
this girl who was feeding some girl has sat .	has this girl who was feeding some girl sat ?
those girls who would pick the baby have slept .	have those girls who would pick the baby slept ?
the animal that has seen those girls can walk .	can the animal that has seen those girls walk ?
some horses who are knowing the child did reach some boy .	did some horses who are knowing the child reach some boy ?
some girl who did help this animal can help some child that was walking .	can some girl who did help this animal help some child that was walking ?
this horse who has read can sit .	can this horse who has read sit ?
some person that the animals have visited is reading .	is some person that the animals have visited reading ?
those people that are calling some horses shall work .	shall those people that are calling some horses work ?
some person that those babies are visiting did talk .	did some person that those babies are visiting talk ?
some babies who were finding this baby have played .	have some babies who were finding this baby played ?
the people who do find this boy have reached the baby who did feed some baby .	have the people who do find this boy reached the baby who did feed some baby ?
some baby who has reached this animal does walk .	does some baby who has reached this animal walk ?
the boys who were playing did know some horse who the boys shall reach .	did the boys who were playing know some horse who the boys shall reach ?
some boy who would know the girls has walked .	has some boy who would know the girls walked ?
those animals who are finding some people can work .	can those animals who are finding some people work ?
those people who do sit have walked .	have those people who do sit walked ?
this animal that some horse did feed has talked .	has this animal that some horse did feed talked ?
some person that the girls shall call does pick some boy behind this horse .	does some person that the girls shall call pick some boy behind this horse ?
this animal who does sit shall know some boy who some girls were feeding .	shall this animal who does sit know some boy who some girls were feeding ?
this horse who is calling the person can find the person by some boy .	can this horse who is calling the person find the person by some boy ?
those boys that do fall have watched the girl that has watched some baby .	have those boys that do fall watched the girl that has watched some baby ?
some people who the children have known would reach the girl that the person was seeing .	would some people who the children have known reach the girl that the person was seeing ?
some baby that this boy does see has fallen .	has some baby that this boy does see fallen ?
some animal that those boys have seen does play .	does some animal that those boys have seen play ?
some animal that some girls have helped did talk .	did some animal that some girls have helped talk ?
some animals who have fed this horse did sleep .	did some animals who have fed this horse sleep ?
some people who some girl is knowing were watching this animal that is calling some horses .	were some people who some girl is knowing watching this animal that is calling some horses ?
those horses who are visiting some babies have found the child behind this animal .	have those horses who are visiting some babies found the child behind this animal ?
this child who does know this child was siting .	was this child who does know this child siting ?
the girls who have visited those children shall watch some child .	shall the girls who have visited those children watch some child ?
this animal who would talk does draw .	does this animal who would talk draw ?
this animal who some people have known shall talk .	shall this animal who some people have known talk ?
those babies who the child is calling shall pick the person that has watched the people .	shall those babies who the child is calling pick the person that has watched the people ?
some girls who this animal has seen are drawing .	are some girls who this animal has seen drawing ?
the babies that those girls did call were siting .	were the babies that those girls did call siting ?
the girls who were calling those people have picked the person by some people .	have the girls who were calling those people picked the person by some people ?
the babies who the horse shall see do walk .	do the babies who the horse shall see walk ?
this child that did see this girl can walk .	can this child that did see this girl walk ?
the baby who some person has watched shall play .	shall the baby who some person has watched play ?
some animal that was feeding some girls is drawing .	is some animal that was feeding some girls drawing ?
those boys that have called the girls were trying .	were those boys that have called the girls trying ?
some animal who has walked can visit the girls that were picking the horse .	can some animal who has walked visit the girls that were picking the horse ?
those children who the girl was reaching would find the girl behind the children .	would those children who the girl was reaching find the girl behind the children ?
this horse that has known the child shall find some boy .	shall this horse that has known the child find some boy ?
this animal that some girls did watch was trying .	was this animal that some girls did watch trying ?
some animals that the babies have fed were picking some person behind the animals .	were some animals that the babies have fed picking some person behind the animals ?
those boys that the girls are watching shall play .	shall those boys that the girls are watching play ?
some boy that is visiting the child would try .	would some boy that is visiting the child try ?
some girl that some child was calling has known this baby by this girl .	has some girl that some child was calling known this baby by this girl ?
some children that some boys can call are helping some children that have found some boys .	are some children that some boys can call helping some children that have found some boys ?
some girl who this girl is calling has read .	has some girl who this girl is calling read ?
the boys that the boys are knowing have reached some child who some person has watched .	have the boys that the boys are knowing reached some child who some person has watched ?
those babies that this girl is finding have picked those babies that were reading .	have those babies that this girl is finding picked those babies that were reading ?
the boy that has watched the boy shall talk .	shall the boy that has watched the boy talk ?
those boys who did know this girl do read .	do those boys who did know this girl read ?
some person who some people have visited can call some girl .	can some person who some people have visited call some girl ?
those girls who some child has found do call some people .	do those girls who some child has found call some people ?
some person who was seeing some people has read .	has some person who was seeing some people read ?
some baby that was finding those animals did sleep .	did some baby that was finding those animals sleep ?
those animals that some horse has found are calling the babies behind the babies .	are those animals that some horse has found calling the babies behind the babies ?
this girl that was knowing those people is calling those people .	is this girl that was knowing those people calling those people ?
the child who some person would visit did talk .	did the child who some person would visit talk ?
some horse who has reached the girl was reading .	was some horse who has reached the girl reading ?
some people that this girl did reach are drawing .	are some people that this girl did reach drawing ?
the girls who do pick some babies were knowing the person that is watching those animals .	were the girls who do pick some babies knowing the person that is watching those animals ?
this baby that some babies are watching is finding those girls who were helping the person .	is this baby that some babies are watching finding those girls who were helping the person ?
some people who would find some person are seeing this child .	are some people who would find some person seeing this child ?
some girls that would see the children have watched this animal .	have some girls that would see the children watched this animal ?
the baby who shall visit this girl has tried .	has the baby who shall visit this girl tried ?
some boy who can read is watching some girl by the person .	is some boy who can read watching some girl by the person ?
the horses that did find those babies can play .	can the horses that did find those babies play ?
the person who has fallen was siting .	was the person who has fallen siting ?
this person that the animal did see does feed some children behind this animal .	does this person that the animal did see feed some children behind this animal ?
those animals who were calling some animals have helped those girls by this animal .	have those animals who were calling some animals helped those girls by this animal ?
the person that shall feed those animals is feeding this child who the animals have helped .	is the person that shall feed those animals feeding this child who the animals have helped ?
the boys that have read do play .	do the boys that have read play ?
this boy that those animals have called is watching some people by the baby .	is this boy that those animals have called watching some people by the baby ?
some boy that this person has found would call some girl behind those horses .	would some boy that this person has found call some girl behind those horses ?
the babies who are calling those people did know the babies .	did the babies who are calling those people know the babies ?
the people who have reached the children shall reach the horses .	shall the people who have reached the children reach the horses ?
some horses that those babies do call are watching those horses who are watching the boys .	are some horses that those babies do call watching those horses who are watching the boys ?
some girl who would feed the boy has visited some girls by some baby .	has some girl who would feed the boy visited some girls by some baby ?
some boy who the animals do know would feed those babies .	would some boy who the animals do know feed those babies ?
the person that would reach the children was playing .	was the person that would reach the children playing ?
those horses that have fed the children did watch the babies by the girl .	did those horses that have fed the children watch the babies by the girl ?
this baby who would find those babies has visited this person by some baby .	has this baby who would find those babies visited this person by some baby ?
some animal who those babies are finding has fed some person .	has some animal who those babies are finding fed some person ?
some boy who was reaching the girls has visited some boys by some child .	has some boy who was reaching the girls visited some boys by some child ?
those children who this horse did see have sat .	have those children who this horse did see sat ?
those horses who the horses have found are knowing some horses behind some people .	are those horses who the horses have found knowing some horses behind some people ?
this person that does visit the baby has talked .	has this person that does visit the baby talked ?
those babies who have talked were playing .	were those babies who have talked playing ?
those girls who would visit those babies have talked .	have those girls who would visit those babies talked ?
some children that the animals have known do walk .	do some children that the animals have known walk ?
this animal that the boys can help does sit .	does this animal that the boys can help sit ?
the animal who has visited some animal is playing .	is the animal who has visited some animal playing ?
some girls who can call this boy would talk .	would some girls who can call this boy talk ?
some girl who did sleep has fed the boy behind those boys .	has some girl who did sleep fed the boy behind those boys ?
this boy who would visit some horses has played .	has this boy who would visit some horses played ?
some boys who some boy has fed were helping the horses by the person .	were some boys who some boy has fed helping the horses by the person ?
some horses that have walked are siting .	are some horses that have walked siting ?
the animals who would talk are trying .	are the animals who would talk trying ?
the child who the girl did call has helped this child that some people have watched .	has the child who the girl did call helped this child that some people have watched ?
the horse who this girl did visit does know this person by this child .	does the horse who this girl did visit know this person by this child ?
the animals who have sat were drawing .	were the animals who have sat drawing ?
this person who would watch the people has read .	has this person who would watch the people read ?
the girls who some boy does feed have sat .	have the girls who some boy does feed sat ?
this child that those children were finding is walking .	is this child that those children were finding walking ?
some boy who the person has helped can find this boy behind the boys .	can some boy who the person has helped find this boy behind the boys ?
this baby who the boy was visiting has known some person who has found those boys .	has this baby who the boy was visiting known some person who has found those boys ?
the horse who the animals do watch would find those children that have seen the babies .	would the horse who the animals do watch find those children that have seen the babies ?
the horse who has helped some boys is sleeping .	is the horse who has helped some boys sleeping ?
some child that has read is working .	is some child that has read working ?
some horse who has slept would know the girl .	would some horse who has slept know the girl ?
those babies that some children have called are picking this animal who the animal does pick .	are those babies that some children have called picking this animal who the animal does pick ?
those people who some boy would pick can draw .	can those people who some boy would pick draw ?
some girl that those girls would help is feeding the animals by the people .	is some girl that those girls would help feeding the animals by the people ?
some person who those children are helping is sleeping .	is some person who those children are helping sleeping ?
this girl who is reaching some child has reached those boys .	has this girl who is reaching some child reached those boys ?
the children who have seen the horses are finding the children by the girl .	are the children who have seen the horses finding the children by the girl ?
the baby that has picked some horse shall draw .	shall the baby that has picked some horse draw ?
the horses who those horses are finding did work .	did the horses who those horses are finding work ?
this horse who can sleep has played .	has this horse who can sleep played ?
the person who is helping some girls does know the person behind this animal .	does the person who is helping some girls know the person behind this animal ?
this boy that this animal can help has visited the person behind those boys .	has this boy that this animal can help visited the person behind those boys ?
the horses that the baby was finding have found the boys by the girls .	have the horses that the baby was finding found the boys by the girls ?
those babies that would feed those horses were seeing some animal that has walked .	were those babies that would feed those horses seeing some animal that has walked ?
some baby who the baby did visit does draw .	does some baby who the baby did visit draw ?
the girl who is visiting those girls has tried .	has the girl who is visiting those girls tried ?
this person that has called this child is calling some babies .	is this person that has called this child calling some babies ?
this child that shall draw has fed some baby behind some animals .	has this child that shall draw fed some baby behind some animals ?
the boy who did find this baby does sit .	does the boy who did find this baby sit ?
the people that have drawn are watching those animals .	are the people that have drawn watching those animals ?
the horses who this child has reached shall work .	shall the horses who this child has reached work ?
some people who the baby would watch have seen some boy behind this girl .	have some people who the baby would watch seen some boy behind this girl ?
those people that some girls did visit were knowing the babies .	were those people that some girls did visit knowing the babies ?
some horses who the horses can help have played .	have some horses who the horses can help played ?
the children that are drawing can know this animal that did watch those girls .	can the children that are drawing know this animal that did watch those girls ?
the boy who can know those children was helping this boy .	was the boy who can know those children helping this boy ?
those girls that are watching the child have slept .	have those girls that are watching the child slept ?
the horse that this child did call was picking those girls .	was the horse that this child did call picking those girls ?
the person who has watched the horses was picking some animal behind the girl .	was the person who has watched the horses picking some animal behind the girl ?
those horses that would walk are feeding this animal by the girls .	are those horses that would walk feeding this animal by the girls ?
this animal that would call some baby is working .	is this animal that would call some baby working ?
some baby that the baby has seen was siting .	was some baby that the baby has seen siting ?
some baby who the baby has known would feed this horse .	would some baby who the baby has known feed this horse ?
this girl who some babies shall call has visited some animals behind the children .	has this girl who some babies shall call visited some animals behind the children ?
those girls that this boy has helped are falling .	are those girls that this boy has helped falling ?
some baby that has watched some girl does reach some people .	does some baby that has watched some girl reach some people ?
the boy that the children have known is siting .	is the boy that the children have known siting ?
this girl that is seeing the baby can watch some children by the girl .	can this girl that is seeing the baby watch some children by the girl ?
the animal who those children have called can read .	can the animal who those children have called read ?
some children that have walked would read .	would some children that have walked read ?
some boys who the people would see do read .	do some boys who the people would see read ?
those boys that have visited this horse do know the boys who are knowing some children .	do those boys that have visited this horse know the boys who are knowing some children ?
this horse who has helped the child shall feed those boys .	shall this horse who has helped the child feed those boys ?
the boy who would see those girls has played .	has the boy who would see those girls played ?
this baby that was visiting those horses did watch those people by the babies .	did this baby that was visiting those horses watch those people by the babies ?
the horse who shall find the babies has sat .	has the horse who shall find the babies sat ?
some girl who some animal has picked shall watch some girls by some person .	shall some girl who some animal has picked watch some girls by some person ?
those babies who some boy has called shall reach the baby .	shall those babies who some boy has called reach the baby ?
this child who is visiting some horse was sleeping .	was this child who is visiting some horse sleeping ?
some girl who has visited some animal shall see this baby .	shall some girl who has visited some animal see this baby ?
the horse who some girls are finding has watched this horse .	has the horse who some girls are finding watched this horse ?
those horses that did find some animal would know this boy by the baby .	would those horses that did find some animal know this boy by the baby ?
some baby who those horses shall know has worked .	has some baby who those horses shall know worked ?
this baby who is reaching this boy can work .	can this baby who is reaching this boy work ?
this child who is reaching those horses was walking .	was this child who is reaching those horses walking ?
those horses that the girls have called shall work .	shall those horses that the girls have called work ?
those babies that the babies were seeing have helped those people .	have those babies that the babies were seeing helped those people ?
the child who this horse is seeing has visited the people .	has the child who this horse is seeing visited the people ?
this boy who does know this person has read .	has this boy who does know this person read ?
some animals who have helped those children are watching some horses behind some people .	are some animals who have helped those children watching some horses behind some people ?
some horses that have visited those horses were knowing some horses .	were some horses that have visited those horses knowing some horses ?
some horses that some child was finding do walk .	do some horses that some child was finding walk ?
some boys who the horse was reaching did help some boy who the people do help .	did some boys who the horse was reaching help some boy who the people do help ?
some animal that the boy can visit has found some boys behind those animals .	has some animal that the boy can visit found some boys behind those animals ?
this animal who did work is finding some boys by this baby .	is this animal who did work finding some boys by this baby ?
some boy that has seen some person is playing .	is some boy that has seen some person playing ?
those girls that some children would feed are finding some children by the boy .	are those girls that some children would feed finding some children by the boy ?
the animal that would see some children was knowing this person by some horses .	was the animal that would see some children knowing this person by some horses ?
the boy who has found the girls would help those girls behind those babies .	would the boy who has found the girls help those girls behind those babies ?
those babies who are drawing have called the people by the animals .	have those babies who are drawing called the people by the animals ?
this boy that has reached some baby is sleeping .	is this boy that has reached some baby sleeping ?
the person who has walked can watch this horse behind the people .	can the person who has walked watch this horse behind the people ?
some animal who some baby does pick did know this child .	did some animal who some baby does pick know this child ?
some animal that was reaching the person would sit .	would some animal that was reaching the person sit ?
those animals who the people would feed were playing .	were those animals who the people would feed playing ?
some child that this child has fed would feed the girl .	would some child that this child has fed feed the girl ?
some person that some babies did pick would fall .	would some person that some babies did pick fall ?
those girls that those girls do see were visiting the horse who was sleeping .	were those girls that those girls do see visiting the horse who was sleeping ?
some person that has helped this horse shall sleep .	shall some person that has helped this horse sleep ?
some boys that the child has known have drawn .	have some boys that the child has known drawn ?
some girl who has played was walking .	was some girl who has played walking ?
some baby who does help the children is helping this baby .	is some baby who does help the children helping this baby ?
this child that the people would know has seen those boys .	has this child that the people would know seen those boys ?
this boy who some children have called is reading .	is this boy who some children have called reading ?
the babies that the babies have visited shall walk .	shall the babies that the babies have visited walk ?
some baby who shall draw was knowing those girls behind some people .	was some baby who shall draw knowing those girls behind some people ?
the babies who some girls can visit are seeing some babies that have helped those babies .	are the babies who some girls can visit seeing some babies that have helped those babies ?
this boy that those babies did help can try .	can this boy that those babies did help try ?
some animals that some child has called would know the child behind this girl .	would some animals that some child has called know the child behind this girl ?
some horses who have sat are visiting the child .	are some horses who have sat visiting the child ?
the horses that the boy is reaching were trying .	were the horses that the boy is reaching trying ?
the horses that the children would help were playing .	were the horses that the children would help playing ?
the horse who those girls are knowing has read .	has the horse who those girls are knowing read ?
some baby that the baby has known is helping this animal behind some person .	is some baby that the baby has known helping this animal behind some person ?
the people that can fall have found some child who has called the boys .	have the people that can fall found some child who has called the boys ?
the children who are reaching the baby can draw .	can the children who are reaching the baby draw ?
the horses that have helped the girl were seeing the children who would help this child .	were the horses that have helped the girl seeing the children who would help this child ?
the children who shall work have visited the horse that shall talk .	have the children who shall work visited the horse that shall talk ?
some babies that can find some children do know this boy behind some child .	do some babies that can find some children know this boy behind some child ?
the boy that can call the animals was trying .	was the boy that can call the animals trying ?
the girls that are watching some boy were visiting some children .	were the girls that are watching some boy visiting some children ?
this boy that those people are feeding is working .	is this boy that those people are feeding working ?
some girl who can find this child does reach the child that has watched the baby .	does some girl who can find this child reach the child that has watched the baby ?
the horse that the animal does visit shall know the boys that some child has visited .	shall the horse that the animal does visit know the boys that some child has visited ?
the horses that were working are helping those babies .	are the horses that were working helping those babies ?
those boys who those boys were picking have sat .	have those boys who those boys were picking sat ?
some girls who those animals are picking did reach the animal who has fallen .	did some girls who those animals are picking reach the animal who has fallen ?
those people that some babies would see shall work .	shall those people that some babies would see work ?
some boys who those horses did reach are visiting some girl behind some animal .	are some boys who those horses did reach visiting some girl behind some animal ?
the animals that some babies were seeing can walk .	can the animals that some babies were seeing walk ?
some animal who has fallen is trying .	is some animal who has fallen trying ?
some horses that some baby would call have watched the people behind those children .	have some horses that some baby would call watched the people behind those children ?
some girls who have seen the boys would watch the horses behind the animals .	would some girls who have seen the boys watch the horses behind the animals ?
those animals who the horse was feeding have played .	have those animals who the horse was feeding played ?
the person that is calling the animals shall visit this boy who was calling this person .	shall the person that is calling the animals visit this boy who was calling this person ?
those animals that would watch this animal shall work .	shall those animals that would watch this animal work ?
the baby that has called some babies did talk .	did the baby that has called some babies talk ?
the babies who were helping some girls are seeing the animals that shall talk .	are the babies who were helping some girls seeing the animals that shall talk ?
some child that those people were seeing was finding this person that is falling .	was some child that those people were seeing finding this person that is falling ?
the animal that has drawn would know some child by this child .	would the animal that has drawn know some child by this child ?
some boy that has helped the people shall pick the horse by some animals .	shall some boy that has helped the people pick the horse by some animals ?
the baby who was trying can try .	can the baby who was trying try ?
those animals who the babies are watching can pick the girls by those boys .	can those animals who the babies are watching pick the girls by those boys ?
the baby that was finding those girls has worked .	has the baby that was finding those girls worked ?
the animals who have fallen were feeding the girls behind the animal .	were the animals who have fallen feeding the girls behind the animal ?
the girl that has reached the children was calling the people who the children are finding .	was the girl that has reached the children calling the people who the children are finding ?
some girls who those animals have visited were drawing .	were some girls who those animals have visited drawing ?
this girl who was helping the girls is knowing some horses .	is this girl who was helping the girls knowing some horses ?
this girl that the child was feeding has played .	has this girl that the child was feeding played ?
the child that has sat was finding the girls by the boys .	was the child that has sat finding the girls by the boys ?
some people who are playing do help some child that has seen some girl .	do some people who are playing help some child that has seen some girl ?
the babies who shall see the babies have talked .	have the babies who shall see the babies talked ?
the babies that are finding some babies shall pick this girl behind some animals .	shall the babies that are finding some babies pick this girl behind some animals ?
some baby that has played can fall .	can some baby that has played fall ?
the animals who this person is finding were helping some boy who does pick those boys .	were the animals who this person is finding helping some boy who does pick those boys ?
some horses that some girl was feeding were playing .	were some horses that some girl was feeding playing ?
the baby who did draw is reading .	is the baby who did draw reading ?
this baby who some baby has seen was helping some person behind those animals .	was this baby who some baby has seen helping some person behind those animals ?
the baby that has picked those babies was talking .	was the baby that has picked those babies talking ?
the girl who does reach the boy has fallen .	has the girl who does reach the boy fallen ?
some baby who is calling some animals does feed some girls .	does some baby who is calling some animals feed some girls ?
the person that some babies are visiting was visiting the boys behind the horse .	was the person that some babies are visiting visiting the boys behind the horse ?
those babies that are reaching some baby were playing .	were those babies that are reaching some baby playing ?
this horse who does draw has reached this girl behind those horses .	has this horse who does draw reached this girl behind those horses ?
some person that the boys can visit was seeing the baby .	was some person that the boys can visit seeing the baby ?
this baby that those girls are visiting did visit some animal that the animals have reached .	did this baby that those girls are visiting visit some animal that the animals have reached ?
this girl that the baby was feeding is calling the boys who the animals were watching .	is this girl that the baby was feeding calling the boys who the animals were watching ?
some person that the animal does pick is reading .	is some person that the animal does pick reading ?
the horses who shall call some people are talking .	are the horses who shall call some people talking ?
this girl that some boys were visiting has watched those babies .	has this girl that some boys were visiting watched those babies ?
the person that this horse has found can reach the people .	can the person that this horse has found reach the people ?
the babies that those girls are calling have known the horse .	have the babies that those girls are calling known the horse ?
some horses who are playing were helping this animal that was reading .	were some horses who are playing helping this animal that was reading ?
the animals who those children have reached shall help the person by the animals .	shall the animals who those children have reached help the person by the animals ?
the animals who are trying shall visit this child who has watched the girls .	shall the animals who are trying visit this child who has watched the girls ?
those boys that would feed some boys did sit .	did those boys that would feed some boys sit ?
some people who the boy has visited do talk .	do some people who the boy has visited talk ?
some horses who did visit this animal have walked .	have some horses who did visit this animal walked ?
some horses that are trying were helping this girl behind those babies .	were some horses that are trying helping this girl behind those babies ?
some person who has drawn was helping this horse that those animals have fed .	was some person who has drawn helping this horse that those animals have fed ?
those animals who have picked some girl shall call the baby behind some horse .	shall those animals who have picked some girl call the baby behind some horse ?
the horses who have known those horses are siting .	are the horses who have known those horses siting ?
this child that can reach the boy has walked .	has this child that can reach the boy walked ?
those children that the horse shall watch have fed this baby that the boy was feeding .	have those children that the horse shall watch fed this baby that the boy was feeding ?
some child that has seen the children would fall .	would some child that has seen the children fall ?
some people who were watching some children shall know this animal by the children .	shall some people who were watching some children know this animal by the children ?
this boy that has played would find some person by some children .	would this boy that has played find some person by some children ?
those horses who can draw shall know some boys .	shall those horses who can draw know some boys ?
some babies who have seen some babies were working .	were some babies who have seen some babies working ?
some girl who can read is picking some boy by the child .	is some girl who can read picking some boy by the child ?
some animal that was sleeping has tried .	has some animal that was sleeping tried ?
the children that are finding some animals do draw .	do the children that are finding some animals draw ?
the horses that were talking are helping the person .	are the horses that were talking helping the person ?
this person who is sleeping shall see the babies behind this baby .	shall this person who is sleeping see the babies behind this baby ?
the children that the animals did watch have talked .	have the children that the animals did watch talked ?
some person who is knowing this child shall play .	shall some person who is knowing this child play ?
those horses that the baby is reaching are knowing this child that shall call the children .	are those horses that the baby is reaching knowing this child that shall call the children ?
some girls that those horses are calling have drawn .	have some girls that those horses are calling drawn ?
the child who has visited this animal is reaching this boy .	is the child who has visited this animal reaching this boy ?
those people who the baby is calling were trying .	were those people who the baby is calling trying ?
the boy that the girl does feed has walked .	has the boy that the girl does feed walked ?
some horse that does find this baby has visited the people who would read .	has some horse that does find this baby visited the people who would read ?
this horse who was helping those horses has worked .	has this horse who was helping those horses worked ?
some children that the person is picking have played .	have some children that the person is picking played ?
this person who the horses would reach has worked .	has this person who the horses would reach worked ?
the child that has walked shall pick some boys that have talked .	shall the child that has walked pick some boys that have talked ?
some animals that have watched this animal shall pick the girls behind some boy .	shall some animals that have watched this animal pick the girls behind some boy ?
some baby that was calling the horses can see the boy that was helping the animals .	can some baby that was calling the horses see the boy that was helping the animals ?
some horse who can find the boy has reached the person .	has some horse who can find the boy reached the person ?
some babies that are finding this boy do talk .	do some babies that are finding this boy talk ?
those babies that this boy has known are falling .	are those babies that this boy has known falling ?
the girls who some animal has called can talk .	can the girls who some animal has called talk ?
some girl that the animal is visiting can find some animals that have drawn .	can some girl that the animal is visiting find some animals that have drawn ?
this boy who the horse would find can help some horses .	can this boy who the horse would find help some horses ?
some horses that shall work have walked .	have some horses that shall work walked ?
this boy that shall call those horses has fed the animals by some people .	has this boy that shall call those horses fed the animals by some people ?
this child who has played was knowing some horse behind the horses .	was this child who has played knowing some horse behind the horses ?
the people that the children do help did feed some child who some girl has called .	did the people that the children do help feed some child who some girl has called ?
the boy who can sleep is sleeping .	is the boy who can sleep sleeping ?
some person who this animal can call was walking .	was some person who this animal can call walking ?
those girls that some animal has picked have helped this horse behind those children .	have those girls that some animal has picked helped this horse behind those children ?
the child that has known this boy was visiting the person who is visiting those babies .	was the child that has known this boy visiting the person who is visiting those babies ?
those boys that the horses do visit have picked some child who this horse has reached .	have those boys that the horses do visit picked some child who this horse has reached ?
the animals who can walk are working .	are the animals who can walk working ?
some baby that was drawing shall visit some child behind some person .	shall some baby that was drawing visit some child behind some person ?
this person that would work has tried .	has this person that would work tried ?
some boy that is seeing this boy shall fall .	shall some boy that is seeing this boy fall ?
the child that this horse has picked can read .	can the child that this horse has picked read ?
the horses that this baby was finding have read .	have the horses that this baby was finding read ?
those babies who were seeing some horse are talking .	are those babies who were seeing some horse talking ?
the girl that some animals have found would pick those girls by the animal .	would the girl that some animals have found pick those girls by the animal ?
the boy who those horses are helping is reading .	is the boy who those horses are helping reading ?
the person that the children shall reach has sat .	has the person that the children shall reach sat ?
the animals that those children shall help have called those children who have reached this animal .	have the animals that those children shall help called those children who have reached this animal ?
the child that the girls were helping has worked .	has the child that the girls were helping worked ?
those girls who were watching the boys shall watch some horse that shall reach some boy .	shall those girls who were watching the boys watch some horse that shall reach some boy ?
this child that shall draw was trying .	was this child that shall draw trying ?
some girls that can pick the baby have fallen .	have some girls that can pick the baby fallen ?
some girls that this baby would help were reaching the child .	were some girls that this baby would help reaching the child ?
the people that have picked this person are helping some girl who has known this horse .	are the people that have picked this person helping some girl who has known this horse ?
some baby who has read can find those horses who some girl has known .	can some baby who has read find those horses who some girl has known ?
the horse that those horses are knowing does sit .	does the horse that those horses are knowing sit ?
those people that have reached the girl shall pick some horse who has known some horse .	shall those people that have reached the girl pick some horse who has known some horse ?
those babies that those boys were finding have watched the person by some boy .	have those babies that those boys were finding watched the person by some boy ?
this child that those people have helped was watching the girl by the girl .	was this child that those people have helped watching the girl by the girl ?
those girls that the boy would reach have played .	have those girls that the boy would reach played ?
some person that those children did call is siting .	is some person that those children did call siting ?
this girl that shall feed some boy has fed some animals by the people .	has this girl that shall feed some boy fed some animals by the people ?
some horses who did call those boys were sleeping .	were some horses who did call those boys sleeping ?
this horse who is knowing those people can visit some babies who the people have called .	can this horse who is knowing those people visit some babies who the people have called ?
the children that are finding some person do work .	do the children that are finding some person work ?
the person that those animals have fed did see those boys behind some horses .	did the person that those animals have fed see those boys behind some horses ?
this horse who this boy has fed can reach the girl that would reach this person .	can this horse who this boy has fed reach the girl that would reach this person ?
some girls that would fall have known some people behind some people .	have some girls that would fall known some people behind some people ?
some baby that has fallen does help this child behind the animal .	does some baby that has fallen help this child behind the animal ?
the babies who have walked did reach the animal .	did the babies who have walked reach the animal ?
the horse who this baby can help was drawing .	was the horse who this baby can help drawing ?
some animal that has helped those babies was walking .	was some animal that has helped those babies walking ?
this person that shall pick the children is working .	is this person that shall pick the children working ?
the boys that did sleep can work .	can the boys that did sleep work ?
some girl who shall sit was seeing some animal .	was some girl who shall sit seeing some animal ?
this child that was helping the girls does visit the animals by the child .	does this child that was helping the girls visit the animals by the child ?
those people that shall call the girl do fall .	do those people that shall call the girl fall ?
some boy who was calling some girl can call the girl behind the animal .	can some boy who was calling some girl call the girl behind the animal ?
some girl that this person has picked was helping the horse behind those babies .	was some girl that this person has picked helping the horse behind those babies ?
some animal who the girl shall help would help the child by some animals .	would some animal who the girl shall help help the child by some animals ?
those horses who do draw have slept .	have those horses who do draw slept ?
the girls who are playing did fall .	did the girls who are playing fall ?
the horses who this boy has found were sleeping .	were the horses who this boy has found sleeping ?
some boys who some girl has known can sit .	can some boys who some girl has known sit ?
this baby that this girl was knowing is feeding some horse .	is this baby that this girl was knowing feeding some horse ?
the animal who can watch the girl has talked .	has the animal who can watch the girl talked ?
those people that those horses were visiting have read .	have those people that those horses were visiting read ?
those boys who are picking the babies have walked .	have those boys who are picking the babies walked ?
the people who have watched the child are siting .	are the people who have watched the child siting ?
the boys that can pick this boy have called the baby behind those boys .	have the boys that can pick this boy called the baby behind those boys ?
some people that some person has seen shall talk .	shall some people that some person has seen talk ?
the children that were feeding the babies have found the horses that would work .	have the children that were feeding the babies found the horses that would work ?
some people that shall see those children are working .	are some people that shall see those children working ?
some boy who some girl has called shall sit .	shall some boy who some girl has called sit ?
those animals who can pick the animals do walk .	do those animals who can pick the animals walk ?
this person that was calling those animals is trying .	is this person that was calling those animals trying ?
this boy who this boy does feed would know the animals .	would this boy who this boy does feed know the animals ?
this horse that those babies shall find does walk .	does this horse that those babies shall find walk ?
the boy that some animals are calling was picking those horses behind some horses .	was the boy that some animals are calling picking those horses behind some horses ?
this baby that is siting has slept .	has this baby that is siting slept ?
those horses who have reached this person are helping those girls by some babies .	are those horses who have reached this person helping those girls by some babies ?
this girl that the babies would feed has known some baby by the babies .	has this girl that the babies would feed known some baby by the babies ?
the babies that do feed those animals were talking .	were the babies that do feed those animals talking ?
some people that do feed the horse did play .	did some people that do feed the horse play ?
some child who would feed this boy has called the babies by the animals .	has some child who would feed this boy called the babies by the animals ?
some children that can see the animal shall visit some child behind the baby .	shall some children that can see the animal visit some child behind the baby ?
those people that were reaching some animals are playing .	are those people that were reaching some animals playing ?
this boy who has visited this person shall walk .	shall this boy who has visited this person walk ?
some boy who was feeding this horse shall walk .	shall some boy who was feeding this horse walk ?
some person who is falling can walk .	can some person who is falling walk ?
the horse that was talking did sleep .	did the horse that was talking sleep ?
the horse who the horses are helping did watch the boy .	did the horse who the horses are helping watch the boy ?
those children that the boys have visited would call this baby by some girl .	would those children that the boys have visited call this baby by some girl ?
some animal that those people do watch is trying .	is some animal that those people do watch trying ?
the people who did help some children can fall .	can the people who did help some children fall ?
some girl who the children have found has watched those children by those girls .	has some girl who the children have found watched those children by those girls ?
those babies that have visited the girl shall know this horse behind some animals .	shall those babies that have visited the girl know this horse behind some animals ?
some horses that the person was knowing have helped some people .	have some horses that the person was knowing helped some people ?
some children that were walking have visited the animals behind the child .	have some children that were walking visited the animals behind the child ?
the boys who can find the people have fallen .	have the boys who can find the people fallen ?
this girl that some baby has known was walking .	was this girl that some baby has known walking ?
the people who the horse has visited shall reach some person .	shall the people who the horse has visited reach some person ?
the boys that have played are talking .	are the boys that have played talking ?
the animals who have reached this baby shall help the animal by some animals .	shall the animals who have reached this baby help the animal by some animals ?
some person who the boy can help was helping the children .	was some person who the boy can help helping the children ?
the horse who does try shall read .	shall the horse who does try read ?
some horses that have called the children shall work .	shall some horses that have called the children work ?
some horse that has played is picking this horse behind the babies .	is some horse that has played picking this horse behind the babies ?
this child who has reached those people did talk .	did this child who has reached those people talk ?
this animal who can reach some child shall sleep .	shall this animal who can reach some child sleep ?
the animal that some children are knowing shall try .	shall the animal that some children are knowing try ?
the girls that were seeing some babies have worked .	have the girls that were seeing some babies worked ?
some people that those babies are visiting were trying .	were some people that those babies are visiting trying ?
some boy who has picked those babies was watching the baby behind some children .	was some boy who has picked those babies watching the baby behind some children ?
the boy that those horses have helped has seen some child who has watched the boy .	has the boy that those horses have helped seen some child who has watched the boy ?
the baby that this person shall see has helped those people .	has the baby that this person shall see helped those people ?
some person that the people shall pick has drawn .	has some person that the people shall pick drawn ?
the baby that shall work can talk .	can the baby that shall work talk ?
those people who can see this animal have worked .	have those people who can see this animal worked ?
some horse that is visiting some boy has fallen .	has some horse that is visiting some boy fallen ?
this girl that has watched some babies can feed some horses behind the child .	can this girl that has watched some babies feed some horses behind the child ?
the girl who is finding this baby has fallen .	has the girl who is finding this baby fallen ?
the animal that is watching this boy has seen some animals .	has the animal that is watching this boy seen some animals ?
this person that the horse shall watch did draw .	did this person that the horse shall watch draw ?
those boys who have picked some girls were playing .	were those boys who have picked some girls playing ?
this baby that shall watch some horses did call some person .	did this baby that shall watch some horses call some person ?
those animals that did help the people were reading .	were those animals that did help the people reading ?
this horse that is siting has helped some baby .	has this horse that is siting helped some baby ?
the animal who is falling has tried .	has the animal who is falling tried ?
some people that those babies did know have fed the babies .	have some people that those babies did know fed the babies ?
some babies who have visited those girls are trying .	are some babies who have visited those girls trying ?
the baby that has found those boys would visit this baby who has talked .	would the baby that has found those boys visit this baby who has talked ?
some animals that were siting shall fall .	shall some animals that were siting fall ?
those horses who have fed some boys shall reach this animal by those girls .	shall those horses who have fed some boys reach this animal by those girls ?
some girl who was feeding this boy has fed some child who has fed this boy .	has some girl who was feeding this boy fed some child who has fed this boy ?
this baby who this girl is calling has found the babies .	has this baby who this girl is calling found the babies ?
this animal that those boys have known was reading .	was this animal that those boys have known reading ?
the boy who is reaching some girls was watching the animal that does help the horse .	was the boy who is reaching some girls watching the animal that does help the horse ?
the horse that this girl is feeding did watch the girl by those babies .	did the horse that this girl is feeding watch the girl by those babies ?
the girl that can reach the baby was playing .	was the girl that can reach the baby playing ?
those girls who can find those girls would walk .	would those girls who can find those girls walk ?
some baby who shall play was watching some children behind some boys .	was some baby who shall play watching some children behind some boys ?
some girl that the girl was helping is visiting this horse who shall visit this baby .	is some girl that the girl was helping visiting this horse who shall visit this baby ?
some girls who some horse has known do talk .	do some girls who some horse has known talk ?
those horses who can read were talking .	were those horses who can read talking ?
some animals who are trying have slept .	have some animals who are trying slept ?
the animal that would watch some person has visited the animal .	has the animal that would watch some person visited the animal ?
some baby that is talking would call this boy .	would some baby that is talking call this boy ?
the person that is feeding some children did fall .	did the person that is feeding some children fall ?
the horses that the person shall call are falling .	are the horses that the person shall call falling ?
some people that have helped the girls do fall .	do some people that have helped the girls fall ?
some people that the babies shall reach can call this baby by some children .	can some people that the babies shall reach call this baby by some children ?
some baby who has drawn can feed the baby by this child .	can some baby who has drawn feed the baby by this child ?
the babies who this baby has called are calling this girl behind those girls .	are the babies who this baby has called calling this girl behind those girls ?
those children that shall find this person did play .	did those children that shall find this person play ?
those children who some baby was knowing did walk .	did those children who some baby was knowing walk ?
the animals who have worked were trying .	were the animals who have worked trying ?
those babies that have helped some boy do talk .	do those babies that have helped some boy talk ?
some person who is reaching the person was reading .	was some person who is reaching the person reading ?
this boy that has helped some boy did fall .	did this boy that has helped some boy fall ?
the boy who did help those children was drawing .	was the boy who did help those children drawing ?
some people who were visiting some children shall try .	shall some people who were visiting some children try ?
the babies who shall feed the animal are picking this child .	are the babies who shall feed the animal picking this child ?
this person that some baby is helping has watched the horses behind some person .	has this person that some baby is helping watched the horses behind some person ?
the boy who those girls are watching has helped this horse behind those animals .	has the boy who those girls are watching helped this horse behind those animals ?
the person that was picking some baby has known this horse behind this horse .	has the person that was picking some baby known this horse behind this horse ?
some children that would talk have slept .	have some children that would talk slept ?
those animals that those girls have reached are talking .	are those animals that those girls have reached talking ?
this girl that has known some person is trying .	is this girl that has known some person trying ?
this animal that is knowing those babies has visited some children by the girl .	has this animal that is knowing those babies visited some children by the girl ?
this horse who did reach some child does visit some girls that do sleep .	does this horse who did reach some child visit some girls that do sleep ?
the boys that this baby did know are watching the girl by this girl .	are the boys that this baby did know watching the girl by this girl ?
some baby that this person was visiting has picked the horses by this girl .	has some baby that this person was visiting picked the horses by this girl ?
the horses that some boys did know have slept .	have the horses that some boys did know slept ?
the child that would try has called the babies .	has the child that would try called the babies ?
some animals that some horses shall feed have talked .	have some animals that some horses shall feed talked ?
those children who the person was calling have visited this person that was helping this boy .	have those children who the person was calling visited this person that was helping this boy ?
some people who the animals can pick are visiting the people behind the person .	are some people who the animals can pick visiting the people behind the person ?
some people who some animal has known did watch some animals that are watching the people .	did some people who some animal has known watch some animals that are watching the people ?
the person that has watched this animal is siting .	is the person that has watched this animal siting ?
this girl who the children are feeding has visited some animal by the baby .	has this girl who the children are feeding visited some animal by the baby ?
some animal who some girl has reached can draw .	can some animal who some girl has reached draw ?
some people that are trying have known those horses by some people .	have some people that are trying known those horses by some people ?
some horse that was calling those babies can draw .	can some horse that was calling those babies draw ?
those girls that did watch the baby have fed the children .	have those girls that did watch the baby fed the children ?
this animal who the boys shall feed is finding some girls by the child .	is this animal who the boys shall feed finding some girls by the child ?
the babies that the child is picking are working .	are the babies that the child is picking working ?
some boys who the girls have found are picking the animals who were watching the girls .	are some boys who the girls have found picking the animals who were watching the girls ?
some animal who some boys shall visit is reaching some baby behind the baby .	is some animal who some boys shall visit reaching some baby behind the baby ?
some girl that those boys do pick has walked .	has some girl that those boys do pick walked ?
those boys that this boy has picked can play .	can those boys that this boy has picked play ?
those children who the baby was helping did walk .	did those children who the baby was helping walk ?
some person that some children shall visit was seeing the girls who the babies have watched .	was some person that some children shall visit seeing the girls who the babies have watched ?
the animals that were finding those animals are playing .	are the animals that were finding those animals playing ?
some girls that can visit some boys shall sit .	shall some girls that can visit some boys sit ?
some boys who some girls would pick were finding those animals behind some boys .	were some boys who some girls would pick finding those animals behind some boys ?
the girl that has reached the person would sit .	would the girl that has reached the person sit ?
some children that the person was picking have played .	have some children that the person was picking played ?
some girl that the horse has found was watching some horses .	was some girl that the horse has found watching some horses ?
the boy that has seen those girls did know some boys by the babies .	did the boy that has seen those girls know some boys by the babies ?
the child that has picked some horse was feeding this person that some people have reached .	was the child that has picked some horse feeding this person that some people have reached ?
the animals that those boys are calling do play .	do the animals that those boys are calling play ?
some children who the animals have found did try .	did some children who the animals have found try ?
this girl that shall call some babies does find the person .	does this girl that shall call some babies find the person ?
the horses that were watching some boy have played .	have the horses that were watching some boy played ?
those children who are drawing would see the boys behind the horse .	would those children who are drawing see the boys behind the horse ?
this child who some animal shall feed has fallen .	has this child who some animal shall feed fallen ?
the boys that are seeing the girls have helped the people behind this horse .	have the boys that are seeing the girls helped the people behind this horse ?
the people that have watched those children can sleep .	can the people that have watched those children sleep ?
those horses that would watch some child have played .	have those horses that would watch some child played ?
the people that were reaching the girls shall know the girls behind those boys .	shall the people that were reaching the girls know the girls behind those boys ?
the girl that some children do visit does try .	does the girl that some children do visit try ?
some babies that were siting have sat .	have some babies that were siting sat ?
this animal that did watch some animals has played .	has this animal that did watch some animals played ?
the babies that the child is reaching have found the girl .	have the babies that the child is reaching found the girl ?
some boys who were talking are siting .	are some boys who were talking siting ?
the girls who the person is calling did see some horse behind those children .	did the girls who the person is calling see some horse behind those children ?
some animals that were working have found the animal behind some babies .	have some animals that were working found the animal behind some babies ?
some boy who the girl would know was reading .	was some boy who the girl would know reading ?
the boy who the babies shall call has sat .	has the boy who the babies shall call sat ?
those babies that shall try are calling those children behind the girl .	are those babies that shall try calling those children behind the girl ?
the boys who have read were knowing the baby that some person has helped .	were the boys who have read knowing the baby that some person has helped ?
those horses who are seeing the boy have visited this person that the child shall feed .	have those horses who are seeing the boy visited this person that the child shall feed ?
some boy that has drawn was watching some people by some horse .	was some boy that has drawn watching some people by some horse ?
some girl that did sit would fall .	would some girl that did sit fall ?
some babies who have fed some child were finding some boys behind some girl .	were some babies who have fed some child finding some boys behind some girl ?
some animals that have found those horses were knowing the horses .	were some animals that have found those horses knowing the horses ?
those children that the person has visited were reaching the babies that this animal did know .	were those children that the person has visited reaching the babies that this animal did know ?
the boys who were knowing the people did try .	did the boys who were knowing the people try ?
some horse who was working is reaching this animal behind this person .	is some horse who was working reaching this animal behind this person ?
those babies who some boy has visited have helped the animal .	have those babies who some boy has visited helped the animal ?
this child that those babies are feeding did find some baby .	did this child that those babies are feeding find some baby ?
those boys that this girl has visited have played .	have those boys that this girl has visited played ?
this girl who has reached some children shall walk .	shall this girl who has reached some children walk ?
the people who those horses would reach are picking some person .	are the people who those horses would reach picking some person ?
the boy who some animals have reached has seen the horses behind the horses .	has the boy who some animals have reached seen the horses behind the horses ?
the boys that were watching the boys shall read .	shall the boys that were watching the boys read ?
some child who some horses do watch was seeing some horse who those people would know .	was some child who some horses do watch seeing some horse who those people would know ?
some horse who would work was trying .	was some horse who would work trying ?
the animals that have called the baby were working .	were the animals that have called the baby working ?
those girls that would help some animals have seen some horse behind this child .	have those girls that would help some animals seen some horse behind this child ?
some horse who the child has watched was sleeping .	was some horse who the child has watched sleeping ?
this horse that would call those babies can watch the children by the boy .	can this horse that would call those babies watch the children by the boy ?
the animal that is picking some animal shall try .	shall the animal that is picking some animal try ?
the person who the boys have known does draw .	does the person who the boys have known draw ?
the animal that the horses have visited would see some girl .	would the animal that the horses have visited see some girl ?
some people that would sleep do know this child by some boys .	do some people that would sleep know this child by some boys ?
those boys who do watch some horses have worked .	have those boys who do watch some horses worked ?
this child that shall read would watch the animals .	would this child that shall read watch the animals ?
those children that are feeding the person have sat .	have those children that are feeding the person sat ?
some girl that those boys were knowing has drawn .	has some girl that those boys were knowing drawn ?
some horse who has seen this child is picking the boys behind some animal .	is some horse who has seen this child picking the boys behind some animal ?
the animal that shall sit was sleeping .	was the animal that shall sit sleeping ?
the baby who this boy would pick shall draw .	shall the baby who this boy would pick draw ?
those animals who those girls are feeding shall reach those horses that have visited some girl .	shall those animals who those girls are feeding reach those horses that have visited some girl ?
this girl that the child is seeing has picked those girls behind some animals .	has this girl that the child is seeing picked those girls behind some animals ?
this person that is feeding those horses has worked .	has this person that is feeding those horses worked ?
some horses that were helping the people have visited this person .	have some horses that were helping the people visited this person ?
the animals who this baby can help have reached the boy by the baby .	have the animals who this baby can help reached the boy by the baby ?
those boys who have visited those people are trying .	are those boys who have visited those people trying ?
the horses that this person would visit have talked .	have the horses that this person would visit talked ?
some boy who the horse is seeing has seen the animals behind this horse .	has some boy who the horse is seeing seen the animals behind this horse ?
this boy that shall find some child can visit those girls who were reading .	can this boy that shall find some child visit those girls who were reading ?
some girl that has reached those animals is finding some horses who are working .	is some girl that has reached those animals finding some horses who are working ?
the person who the baby is feeding was visiting the girl behind those girls .	was the person who the baby is feeding visiting the girl behind those girls ?
some animals that the child is visiting have sat .	have some animals that the child is visiting sat ?
some animal that the babies would feed was watching this animal behind this boy .	was some animal that the babies would feed watching this animal behind this boy ?
some horse that did help some animal can draw .	can some horse that did help some animal draw ?
those babies who would watch those people have read .	have those babies who would watch those people read ?
some people who were sleeping have known some people .	have some people who were sleeping known some people ?
the girl that some animals shall call does find those animals by some horse .	does the girl that some animals shall call find those animals by some horse ?
this girl that is working did sleep .	did this girl that is working sleep ?
the boys who those horses were reaching have tried .	have the boys who those horses were reaching tried ?
some babies that those horses would call did know those girls who have seen those animals .	did some babies that those horses would call know those girls who have seen those animals ?
the person that does call the people was drawing .	was the person that does call the people drawing ?
the children who some girl has visited have drawn .	have the children who some girl has visited drawn ?
the people who did sit were walking .	were the people who did sit walking ?
the children that the girls have known are reading .	are the children that the girls have known reading ?
the people who have helped those babies would work .	would the people who have helped those babies work ?
some horse who those children have found is picking some girl .	is some horse who those children have found picking some girl ?
some children who were feeding some children shall call the baby by this horse .	shall some children who were feeding some children call the baby by this horse ?
the girl that can call some baby has helped this baby .	has the girl that can call some baby helped this baby ?
some people who the children were seeing do see some boys by those people .	do some people who the children were seeing see some boys by those people ?
those people that shall walk have reached this animal by some girls .	have those people that shall walk reached this animal by some girls ?
the person that is finding some horse was visiting the boys .	was the person that is finding some horse visiting the boys ?
some girls that can work shall read .	shall some girls that can work read ?
this girl that is visiting those girls does call some person .	does this girl that is visiting those girls call some person ?
this horse who this girl would know has fallen .	has this horse who this girl would know fallen ?
the child that has fed the animals was visiting some boys behind some horse .	was the child that has fed the animals visiting some boys behind some horse ?
this person who would try has reached some animals behind the boys .	has this person who would try reached some animals behind the boys ?
some animals who some boy would find have seen the animal that is helping this person .	have some animals who some boy would find seen the animal that is helping this person ?
the girls who some girl has called have fed this horse .	have the girls who some girl has called fed this horse ?
some boys that were working can talk .	can some boys that were working talk ?
some girls who those horses have seen are talking .	are some girls who those horses have seen talking ?
this girl that has fed some boy would talk .	would this girl that has fed some boy talk ?
some horses that have seen this person do play .	do some horses that have seen this person play ?
some babies who are watching the boy would work .	would some babies who are watching the boy work ?
some horses that do draw shall walk .	shall some horses that do draw walk ?
some baby who does know the person has fallen .	has some baby who does know the person fallen ?
some girls who have seen the baby can sleep .	can some girls who have seen the baby sleep ?
the horse who is trying has called the baby .	has the horse who is trying called the baby ?
those babies that do pick some horse are feeding some people that those animals are feeding .	are those babies that do pick some horse feeding some people that those animals are feeding ?
the boy that some horse has found did sit .	did the boy that some horse has found sit ?
this animal who can feed those horses is drawing .	is this animal who can feed those horses drawing ?
the animals who have reached the girls are visiting this girl .	are the animals who have reached the girls visiting this girl ?
the person who this person did watch can feed some baby .	can the person who this person did watch feed some baby ?
this animal who those girls would watch was trying .	was this animal who those girls would watch trying ?
some children that this child has seen have helped some boys behind the boy .	have some children that this child has seen helped some boys behind the boy ?
some children who would help some horse can help the girl .	can some children who would help some horse help the girl ?
the person that can call those animals has worked .	has the person that can call those animals worked ?
some animal that this boy is helping has fed the boy .	has some animal that this boy is helping fed the boy ?
the animal who did visit some girls was knowing those babies by some horse .	was the animal who did visit some girls knowing those babies by some horse ?
the boy who those people shall pick is playing .	is the boy who those people shall pick playing ?
the animal that this horse is visiting does read .	does the animal that this horse is visiting read ?
this child that was knowing this child shall sleep .	shall this child that was knowing this child sleep ?
some animal who has found the horses is siting .	is some animal who has found the horses siting ?
those horses who are visiting the animals do know some girls behind the girl .	do those horses who are visiting the animals know some girls behind the girl ?
the boys who this horse has fed would pick this person behind the girls .	would the boys who this horse has fed pick this person behind the girls ?
this boy who was visiting some horses is visiting the animal who was knowing the baby .	is this boy who was visiting some horses visiting the animal who was knowing the baby ?
some children who some baby is feeding are talking .	are some children who some baby is feeding talking ?
some babies that the baby has reached can read .	can some babies that the baby has reached read ?
the horse who the children are visiting has found some girl who was sleeping .	has the horse who the children are visiting found some girl who was sleeping ?
those boys that the baby was calling shall walk .	shall those boys that the baby was calling walk ?
the girls who this girl was seeing are siting .	are the girls who this girl was seeing siting ?
some babies that some children have helped shall play .	shall some babies that some children have helped play ?
the child who has tried can fall .	can the child who has tried fall ?
the babies who shall watch some babies did find this horse that some person has watched .	did the babies who shall watch some babies find this horse that some person has watched ?
those horses who were drawing are helping some child who some person has fed .	are those horses who were drawing helping some child who some person has fed ?
those horses who have called this animal are siting .	are those horses who have called this animal siting ?
the children who have read would pick some animals behind some horses .	would the children who have read pick some animals behind some horses ?
those boys who can feed some boy were talking .	were those boys who can feed some boy talking ?
the person who some child does help has drawn .	has the person who some child does help drawn ?
the baby that does find some children would work .	would the baby that does find some children work ?
the boys that some girl does know were seeing those people who have watched those boys .	were the boys that some girl does know seeing those people who have watched those boys ?
those people who shall try have watched the girl behind some horse .	have those people who shall try watched the girl behind some horse ?
some person that has tried was playing .	was some person that has tried playing ?
this girl that has reached the horses did read .	did this girl that has reached the horses read ?
those babies that some person is visiting shall work .	shall those babies that some person is visiting work ?
the girl who would try has seen this boy .	has the girl who would try seen this boy ?
some animals who would watch some horse are talking .	are some animals who would watch some horse talking ?
the boy that shall pick some boy can sit .	can the boy that shall pick some boy sit ?
the babies that shall feed those people can find some person behind the girls .	can the babies that shall feed those people find some person behind the girls ?
the child that shall know this person has seen those horses that did try .	has the child that shall know this person seen those horses that did try ?
some horses that some people have reached did walk .	did some horses that some people have reached walk ?
this girl who has watched the animals is trying .	is this girl who has watched the animals trying ?
those children that were trying have picked some boy by those boys .	have those children that were trying picked some boy by those boys ?
those horses that the girls have seen are playing .	are those horses that the girls have seen playing ?
the girls that were walking would reach the person .	would the girls that were walking reach the person ?
the people who can visit the animals have visited this horse by those children .	have the people who can visit the animals visited this horse by those children ?
this person that can know some girls has tried .	has this person that can know some girls tried ?
the babies that were walking can call those boys .	can the babies that were walking call those boys ?
the child who those babies were feeding was seeing the boys that those girls have reached .	was the child who those babies were feeding seeing the boys that those girls have reached ?
the animal who those girls are reaching has visited this child behind some children .	has the animal who those girls are reaching visited this child behind some children ?
the animal that was talking shall feed this horse behind some person .	shall the animal that was talking feed this horse behind some person ?
those people that are talking have tried .	have those people that are talking tried ?
this horse who can reach those children did sit .	did this horse who can reach those children sit ?
the person that this baby would see was reaching some person that is playing .	was the person that this baby would see reaching some person that is playing ?
those girls who the girl has called did work .	did those girls who the girl has called work ?
the child who this baby has reached would play .	would the child who this baby has reached play ?
this baby who was seeing those boys did work .	did this baby who was seeing those boys work ?
those people that some animal can visit have seen those people .	have those people that some animal can visit seen those people ?
some animal that some boy has called shall know the boy who is finding those girls .	shall some animal that some boy has called know the boy who is finding those girls ?
the animal that was picking this boy has fallen .	has the animal that was picking this boy fallen ?
this girl that those children do visit was working .	was this girl that those children do visit working ?
the horses who were falling do sleep .	do the horses who were falling sleep ?
those horses who were visiting those horses have seen the boy behind some person .	have those horses who were visiting those horses seen the boy behind some person ?
this horse who some people were visiting has known the girl by those people .	has this horse who some people were visiting known the girl by those people ?
this animal who was reaching those girls can find the horses behind some girls .	can this animal who was reaching those girls find the horses behind some girls ?
the girls who have reached the children are calling the child by the people .	are the girls who have reached the children calling the child by the people ?
those people that some animal is knowing were walking .	were those people that some animal is knowing walking ?
some animal who shall see this animal would talk .	would some animal who shall see this animal talk ?
this girl that is knowing those children has found the boy .	has this girl that is knowing those children found the boy ?
some person that some child is seeing has watched the person behind the children .	has some person that some child is seeing watched the person behind the children ?
the horse who was watching the babies can sleep .	can the horse who was watching the babies sleep ?
the horse who the girls shall visit would fall .	would the horse who the girls shall visit fall ?
some girl who is feeding some child does watch this boy .	does some girl who is feeding some child watch this boy ?
those animals who were reaching some girl are sleeping .	are those animals who were reaching some girl sleeping ?
some children who the person is calling have watched the horse behind this horse .	have some children who the person is calling watched the horse behind this horse ?
those boys that have helped this horse would help some children by the people .	would those boys that have helped this horse help some children by the people ?
some animals who this person has picked have helped some boy by the child .	have some animals who this person has picked helped some boy by the child ?
this baby that the children have watched would find the boys .	would this baby that the children have watched find the boys ?
the animal that is feeding some boy does read .	does the animal that is feeding some boy read ?
the animals who were knowing some girls have talked .	have the animals who were knowing some girls talked ?
the person who some baby shall know did sit .	did the person who some baby shall know sit ?
the person that has called some horses shall play .	shall the person that has called some horses play ?
some boys who did see the animal would draw .	would some boys who did see the animal draw ?
the person who would know this baby has sat .	has the person who would know this baby sat ?
the child who some horses are feeding is siting .	is the child who some horses are feeding siting ?
some boys that have known some girls do walk .	do some boys that have known some girls walk ?
those babies who the baby has watched have slept .	have those babies who the baby has watched slept ?
this girl that shall read has found some boy .	has this girl that shall read found some boy ?
some people that have found the girl were walking .	were some people that have found the girl walking ?
those girls that have sat are finding the girl who has drawn .	are those girls that have sat finding the girl who has drawn ?
some animals who are seeing those boys would try .	would some animals who are seeing those boys try ?
those boys that some animals shall call can watch the child behind the babies .	can those boys that some animals shall call watch the child behind the babies ?
the animals who the baby did know have known the girls behind the children .	have the animals who the baby did know known the girls behind the children ?
the boys that some boy shall see were falling .	were the boys that some boy shall see falling ?
some horse who the girls are visiting did read .	did some horse who the girls are visiting read ?
those boys who those babies would know have fed this baby by the child .	have those boys who those babies would know fed this baby by the child ?
the horse who was knowing this baby did try .	did the horse who was knowing this baby try ?
the girl that did talk has watched the babies by the baby .	has the girl that did talk watched the babies by the baby ?
the people who did fall do pick the boy behind this horse .	do the people who did fall pick the boy behind this horse ?
those boys that have fed the girls are picking those babies that shall feed some horse .	are those boys that have fed the girls picking those babies that shall feed some horse ?
the boys who did watch this animal have walked .	have the boys who did watch this animal walked ?
some boy who has picked this horse is siting .	is some boy who has picked this horse siting ?
some horse who the horse has reached is reading .	is some horse who the horse has reached reading ?
this animal that those people would find was walking .	was this animal that those people would find walking ?
some animals that were sleeping have worked .	have some animals that were sleeping worked ?
some children that those horses do watch shall draw .	shall some children that those horses do watch draw ?
this horse who those babies do visit can work .	can this horse who those babies do visit work ?
the babies that the baby did call have tried .	have the babies that the baby did call tried ?
the children that are playing did try .	did the children that are playing try ?
the horse that has tried does read .	does the horse that has tried read ?
the horses that some people were picking can visit the boys behind the person .	can the horses that some people were picking visit the boys behind the person ?
the babies that were visiting those people have tried .	have the babies that were visiting those people tried ?
those people that do see those animals shall see the baby by this horse .	shall those people that do see those animals see the baby by this horse ?
some animal who this baby has found is siting .	is some animal who this baby has found siting ?
the child that some boys are helping has slept .	has the child that some boys are helping slept ?
some animals who do watch this horse have seen the child by those horses .	have some animals who do watch this horse seen the child by those horses ?
those girls that this girl would know did work .	did those girls that this girl would know work ?
those people that have worked did talk .	did those people that have worked talk ?
some children that were sleeping did try .	did some children that were sleeping try ?
the babies who did know this animal are playing .	are the babies who did know this animal playing ?
this person that shall help some person would work .	would this person that shall help some person work ?
those people who the animals shall visit have walked .	have those people who the animals shall visit walked ?
the animal that can watch the person shall call the boy that is falling .	shall the animal that can watch the person call the boy that is falling ?
the baby who does read was finding some animals .	was the baby who does read finding some animals ?
some horse that some girl did see has played .	has some horse that some girl did see played ?
those children who this horse has found have called those animals that are helping some children .	have those children who this horse has found called those animals that are helping some children ?
some child who shall fall was reading .	was some child who shall fall reading ?
those horses that have sat can watch some people .	can those horses that have sat watch some people ?
some girls that the animal is reaching can fall .	can some girls that the animal is reaching fall ?
those babies who are feeding some horses were working .	were those babies who are feeding some horses working ?
some animal who has sat is finding those babies by some child .	is some animal who has sat finding those babies by some child ?
the horses that would watch the animals do know some people behind some animal .	do the horses that would watch the animals know some people behind some animal ?
those horses who have reached some child were feeding the child behind those boys .	were those horses who have reached some child feeding the child behind those boys ?
some boy that this animal was helping is siting .	is some boy that this animal was helping siting ?
some person that some baby does watch has visited the babies that were sleeping .	has some person that some baby does watch visited the babies that were sleeping ?
those horses who some babies have reached were working .	were those horses who some babies have reached working ?
some girls who have fed some girl are finding some animals who have fed some person .	are some girls who have fed some girl finding some animals who have fed some person ?
some people who the people have found are calling some child that has picked the child .	are some people who the people have found calling some child that has picked the child ?
those animals that the horse has picked shall pick the babies by the boy .	shall those animals that the horse has picked pick the babies by the boy ?
some boys that this girl was calling shall walk .	shall some boys that this girl was calling walk ?
the horses that were seeing this animal do walk .	do the horses that were seeing this animal walk ?
the boys that were reading have visited some baby who the boys did watch .	have the boys that were reading visited some baby who the boys did watch ?
the animal that shall reach the animal would know those animals by some animal .	would the animal that shall reach the animal know those animals by some animal ?
those animals that some boy has reached have picked the animals .	have those animals that some boy has reached picked the animals ?
some animals that the animal has visited would walk .	would some animals that the animal has visited walk ?
the girls that did play were picking some boys .	were the girls that did play picking some boys ?
those people who have reached the person shall read .	shall those people who have reached the person read ?
this girl who those children are picking shall play .	shall this girl who those children are picking play ?
some people that this boy did pick have picked some babies who the animals have found .	have some people that this boy did pick picked some babies who the animals have found ?
the babies who are reaching some horse have reached some person by the horses .	have the babies who are reaching some horse reached some person by the horses ?
some child who this person did find has seen those babies that those girls shall reach .	has some child who this person did find seen those babies that those girls shall reach ?
some person who was falling has talked .	has some person who was falling talked ?
the babies who do see those horses were reading .	were the babies who do see those horses reading ?
the child that is visiting this horse has tried .	has the child that is visiting this horse tried ?
the people who some animals were visiting are falling .	are the people who some animals were visiting falling ?
the animals that some animals have seen can visit some animal who some people are helping .	can the animals that some animals have seen visit some animal who some people are helping ?
this baby who would sleep did help the children .	did this baby who would sleep help the children ?
those babies that the horse has known were seeing the boy that does sit .	were those babies that the horse has known seeing the boy that does sit ?
the babies who this horse has fed have watched some horses who this baby has known .	have the babies who this horse has fed watched some horses who this baby has known ?
some babies that were walking have seen those horses .	have some babies that were walking seen those horses ?
the animals who some children have helped shall sit .	shall the animals who some children have helped sit ?
the animal who those boys do feed has walked .	has the animal who those boys do feed walked ?
this boy that the girls are picking does help this girl who was trying .	does this boy that the girls are picking help this girl who was trying ?
some boy that those boys would find has known some girl behind the girl .	has some boy that those boys would find known some girl behind the girl ?
those people that are playing do know some horses behind those children .	do those people that are playing know some horses behind those children ?
the boys who this baby has helped are finding the horses .	are the boys who this baby has helped finding the horses ?
this child who some boys were knowing has helped some babies who have helped the animal .	has this child who some boys were knowing helped some babies who have helped the animal ?
some babies that are feeding this animal have slept .	have some babies that are feeding this animal slept ?
the girls who are reaching the girl have drawn .	have the girls who are reaching the girl drawn ?
some horses who are falling did talk .	did some horses who are falling talk ?
some horses who the children did visit have helped the child .	have some horses who the children did visit helped the child ?
some girls who this boy would see were picking this horse by the babies .	were some girls who this boy would see picking this horse by the babies ?
the girls who were knowing the person are reaching those animals behind those horses .	are the girls who were knowing the person reaching those animals behind those horses ?
some animal who those children shall find was siting .	was some animal who those children shall find siting ?
the girl who can work is calling the baby by the babies .	is the girl who can work calling the baby by the babies ?
the boy that some babies are visiting shall sleep .	shall the boy that some babies are visiting sleep ?
some people who have watched some animal were sleeping .	were some people who have watched some animal sleeping ?
some horses that have visited some boy do sleep .	do some horses that have visited some boy sleep ?
some girls that can help this child did work .	did some girls that can help this child work ?
some horse that would draw is drawing .	is some horse that would draw drawing ?
this baby that can sleep has fallen .	has this baby that can sleep fallen ?
some people who are talking have fed some babies that have seen the animals .	have some people who are talking fed some babies that have seen the animals ?
some child that was calling this person does read .	does some child that was calling this person read ?
the boys who are helping this animal have drawn .	have the boys who are helping this animal drawn ?
some boy that did pick some girls shall find some babies behind some boy .	shall some boy that did pick some girls find some babies behind some boy ?
the animals who do know some girl are watching those children behind the babies .	are the animals who do know some girl watching those children behind the babies ?
some boys that the boys are calling have fallen .	have some boys that the boys are calling fallen ?
some horse who this animal has found is feeding some baby who the animals were helping .	is some horse who this animal has found feeding some baby who the animals were helping ?
some animal who the child would reach is siting .	is some animal who the child would reach siting ?
the girls who shall watch some baby have called the girls by the boys .	have the girls who shall watch some baby called the girls by the boys ?
some child who some girl shall call has helped some girl .	has some child who some girl shall call helped some girl ?
some babies that do pick those babies have fallen .	have some babies that do pick those babies fallen ?
the animals who were feeding some children are siting .	are the animals who were feeding some children siting ?
some boy that shall call some horse has talked .	has some boy that shall call some horse talked ?
some child who is visiting some person did walk .	did some child who is visiting some person walk ?
those people that did call some horse are knowing those horses that are watching some babies .	are those people that did call some horse knowing those horses that are watching some babies ?
the girls who are feeding the animal were drawing .	were the girls who are feeding the animal drawing ?
some baby who has fed the people was sleeping .	was some baby who has fed the people sleeping ?
those children who would visit some child have seen this person that some horse was picking .	have those children who would visit some child seen this person that some horse was picking ?
this person who those boys were seeing did try .	did this person who those boys were seeing try ?
some children that some boys have fed can read .	can some children that some boys have fed read ?
the child who this child was picking did feed this animal that some horse would know .	did the child who this child was picking feed this animal that some horse would know ?
some baby who did draw is trying .	is some baby who did draw trying ?
some baby that has picked the girl is knowing this animal behind this boy .	is some baby that has picked the girl knowing this animal behind this boy ?
the horses who the boy has known did pick some horses behind those children .	did the horses who the boy has known pick some horses behind those children ?
the animals that the girls do help have helped the people behind this girl .	have the animals that the girls do help helped the people behind this girl ?
this girl who shall see some horse has fallen .	has this girl who shall see some horse fallen ?
the child that would pick the children is watching those people .	is the child that would pick the children watching those people ?
the horses that those girls have known did feed the baby by some animals .	did the horses that those girls have known feed the baby by some animals ?
some person who was finding those boys would talk .	would some person who was finding those boys talk ?
some animal who shall know those boys has reached some animal behind those boys .	has some animal who shall know those boys reached some animal behind those boys ?
the babies who can play have worked .	have the babies who can play worked ?
the animal that would visit those horses has worked .	has the animal that would visit those horses worked ?
some people who the horses have picked are working .	are some people who the horses have picked working ?
the animal that is trying can find the boy who has worked .	can the animal that is trying find the boy who has worked ?
some horse that would pick the girl is knowing this horse that did pick the girl .	is some horse that would pick the girl knowing this horse that did pick the girl ?
some girls that the babies are feeding have walked .	have some girls that the babies are feeding walked ?
some girls who did feed some girl were siting .	were some girls who did feed some girl siting ?
some child who those children have helped has sat .	has some child who those children have helped sat ?
the babies that this girl has helped were finding some horse .	were the babies that this girl has helped finding some horse ?
some girl that is working has read .	has some girl that is working read ?
those horses that are finding this girl have known this horse .	have those horses that are finding this girl known this horse ?
some animals that are calling some boy have picked the girl who some boy shall feed .	have some animals that are calling some boy picked the girl who some boy shall feed ?
the animal that the people did find was reaching some boys .	was the animal that the people did find reaching some boys ?
those animals who have watched the horses can work .	can those animals who have watched the horses work ?
this animal that this person is helping has fed the boy .	has this animal that this person is helping fed the boy ?
the horses who can reach the girls do play .	do the horses who can reach the girls play ?
those horses that are visiting the babies do reach those people that have found the animals .	do those horses that are visiting the babies reach those people that have found the animals ?
those babies that do pick the baby have drawn .	have those babies that do pick the baby drawn ?
this animal who can play shall know some child who is calling those horses .	shall this animal who can play know some child who is calling those horses ?
the animal who shall reach this animal is watching those children by some horse .	is the animal who shall reach this animal watching those children by some horse ?
the horses that some babies shall feed have picked some horse behind some horses .	have the horses that some babies shall feed picked some horse behind some horses ?
the girls that the horses shall feed have watched the boys by the horse .	have the girls that the horses shall feed watched the boys by the horse ?
the animal that the animals have fed has called the child behind those children .	has the animal that the animals have fed called the child behind those children ?
this baby that shall walk has seen those boys .	has this baby that shall walk seen those boys ?
some animals who the boy can help have talked .	have some animals who the boy can help talked ?
the people that this boy shall feed can draw .	can the people that this boy shall feed draw ?
some babies that the babies can find have known those children .	have some babies that the babies can find known those children ?
some boys who some people were watching have watched the girls behind the babies .	have some boys who some people were watching watched the girls behind the babies ?
some children that have seen some boy did pick the baby .	did some children that have seen some boy pick the baby ?
some horses who were picking those boys are working .	are some horses who were picking those boys working ?
the boys who the boy has watched are feeding some animal by the girl .	are the boys who the boy has watched feeding some animal by the girl ?
some animals that the horse is seeing are siting .	are some animals that the horse is seeing siting ?
this girl who the boys have fed has talked .	has this girl who the boys have fed talked ?
this boy who is reaching those children was finding this child by the children .	was this boy who is reaching those children finding this child by the children ?
the girl who can reach the child has picked some animal that has slept .	has the girl who can reach the child picked some animal that has slept ?
the animal that those horses were picking is drawing .	is the animal that those horses were picking drawing ?
those people that shall draw were siting .	were those people that shall draw siting ?
the children that have visited the child can help some animal by this boy .	can the children that have visited the child help some animal by this boy ?
those people who have walked were picking some horses .	were those people who have walked picking some horses ?
some boy that was finding this girl would sit .	would some boy that was finding this girl sit ?
this baby that has reached those babies can visit the people behind those children .	can this baby that has reached those babies visit the people behind those children ?
this person who has seen some children shall sit .	shall this person who has seen some children sit ?
some person that has tried did help some child .	did some person that has tried help some child ?
some boy that has found this baby was drawing .	was some boy that has found this baby drawing ?
some people that have called some babies would visit some horse who was knowing some babies .	would some people that have called some babies visit some horse who was knowing some babies ?
the girl that this person was knowing shall find some babies by those animals .	shall the girl that this person was knowing find some babies by those animals ?
some boys that this baby would pick have visited the animals by the child .	have some boys that this baby would pick visited the animals by the child ?
some animals that the animal is helping are helping those animals .	are some animals that the animal is helping helping those animals ?
the people that can play were talking .	were the people that can play talking ?
some girl that was talking would reach the babies .	would some girl that was talking reach the babies ?
this animal who has called some boy was reading .	was this animal who has called some boy reading ?
the child who this animal did feed has found the babies .	has the child who this animal did feed found the babies ?
the babies who this animal has fed did sit .	did the babies who this animal has fed sit ?
the babies that the babies would find are reaching those children behind the child .	are the babies that the babies would find reaching those children behind the child ?
this child that this horse can help would talk .	would this child that this horse can help talk ?
some child who some babies would pick has picked some horses by this person .	has some child who some babies would pick picked some horses by this person ?
some girls who would find some animals were falling .	were some girls who would find some animals falling ?
the baby that those people were finding is finding this boy .	is the baby that those people were finding finding this boy ?
the baby who the babies have known was falling .	was the baby who the babies have known falling ?
this girl who can visit the person would sit .	would this girl who can visit the person sit ?
the children that the baby does pick have read .	have the children that the baby does pick read ?
the child that this animal was knowing would sit .	would the child that this animal was knowing sit ?
some girl who some animals have visited is working .	is some girl who some animals have visited working ?
the horse who can read does know some girls that the girl does help .	does the horse who can read know some girls that the girl does help ?
the girls who some children were seeing would watch the animal that has reached some children .	would the girls who some children were seeing watch the animal that has reached some children ?
some horse who is reaching the person has reached some animals by this horse .	has some horse who is reaching the person reached some animals by this horse ?
this person who the person has helped is drawing .	is this person who the person has helped drawing ?
this boy that some animals are reaching shall know some boy who has visited this girl .	shall this boy that some animals are reaching know some boy who has visited this girl ?
some boys that have picked the girl were walking .	were some boys that have picked the girl walking ?
the babies who have slept shall sleep .	shall the babies who have slept sleep ?
this baby who has read was trying .	was this baby who has read trying ?
some baby who this baby has fed does watch some babies that can visit this child .	does some baby who this baby has fed watch some babies that can visit this child ?
those girls that did visit the babies have sat .	have those girls that did visit the babies sat ?
the boy who has read would reach this boy by the animal .	would the boy who has read reach this boy by the animal ?
some horses that are walking have fed some babies .	have some horses that are walking fed some babies ?
the people who those horses shall watch were walking .	were the people who those horses shall watch walking ?
those people who are watching the animals shall draw .	shall those people who are watching the animals draw ?
those girls that this boy did see have helped those people that are knowing the boys .	have those girls that this boy did see helped those people that are knowing the boys ?
this horse that the animal shall feed has walked .	has this horse that the animal shall feed walked ?
some horse that can fall has walked .	has some horse that can fall walked ?
this boy that was finding those children has drawn .	has this boy that was finding those children drawn ?
some person that is reaching some baby shall sit .	shall some person that is reaching some baby sit ?
those people who have tried shall feed some baby by some boys .	shall those people who have tried feed some baby by some boys ?
some girls that have talked do play .	do some girls that have talked play ?
some baby that some baby does feed is sleeping .	is some baby that some baby does feed sleeping ?
this horse who is calling some girl would call the girls that the horses can call .	would this horse who is calling some girl call the girls that the horses can call ?
this boy that was falling has seen some children behind some boy .	has this boy that was falling seen some children behind some boy ?
those boys that the person does help do sit .	do those boys that the person does help sit ?
some person that has found the girl does see those babies by the animal .	does some person that has found the girl see those babies by the animal ?
this person that does see the animals was feeding the girls by the girls .	was this person that does see the animals feeding the girls by the girls ?
the horses who are visiting this animal have slept .	have the horses who are visiting this animal slept ?
the horses that do help those girls would reach some horse that has called the girls .	would the horses that do help those girls reach some horse that has called the girls ?
the boys that do watch the people can help those babies behind some child .	can the boys that do watch the people help those babies behind some child ?
some girl that does watch some person is knowing the babies who did sleep .	is some girl that does watch some person knowing the babies who did sleep ?
the horses who are calling some girl did fall .	did the horses who are calling some girl fall ?
some people who have reached some animal can work .	can some people who have reached some animal work ?
some boys that some animals do see were visiting some girl .	were some boys that some animals do see visiting some girl ?
the animal that has fed those people does feed some person that some boys have found .	does the animal that has fed those people feed some person that some boys have found ?
those children that some boy has known would draw .	would those children that some boy has known draw ?
some horses who have reached those people were siting .	were some horses who have reached those people siting ?
some animals who do watch the animals have sat .	have some animals who do watch the animals sat ?
those boys who have sat would sit .	would those boys who have sat sit ?
the children that this child does watch have helped the animals by the children .	have the children that this child does watch helped the animals by the children ?
this child that some baby would watch has talked .	has this child that some baby would watch talked ?
the person that has read was working .	was the person that has read working ?
those girls that can visit some animal were seeing some horse who the horse has found .	were those girls that can visit some animal seeing some horse who the horse has found ?
some horses that the animal can visit have slept .	have some horses that the animal can visit slept ?
some girls who some children shall know have known those girls that were reaching the boys .	have some girls who some children shall know known those girls that were reaching the boys ?
the boy who the horse is calling has reached the girls behind the girls .	has the boy who the horse is calling reached the girls behind the girls ?
some baby that has known some boys can see some boy who this boy is reaching .	can some baby that has known some boys see some boy who this boy is reaching ?
some girls that those boys can call were helping the babies .	were some girls that those boys can call helping the babies ?
the people who the baby has known were watching the people by the horses .	were the people who the baby has known watching the people by the horses ?
the animals that are siting were reaching some children who this person has seen .	were the animals that are siting reaching some children who this person has seen ?
the children who do visit this horse were finding this horse that did pick some girls .	were the children who do visit this horse finding this horse that did pick some girls ?
some animal that has visited some baby would know the boy .	would some animal that has visited some baby know the boy ?
those girls who this baby has seen can sleep .	can those girls who this baby has seen sleep ?
some person that does pick some horse was picking some girls that were seeing some girl .	was some person that does pick some horse picking some girls that were seeing some girl ?
the animal who shall call the girl was walking .	was the animal who shall call the girl walking ?
some horse that the babies do watch has watched those horses .	has some horse that the babies do watch watched those horses ?
the animals that were finding the boy are falling .	are the animals that were finding the boy falling ?
some person who has played was picking the child .	was some person who has played picking the child ?
the boy that the people did see was walking .	was the boy that the people did see walking ?
the horses who have visited those babies are walking .	are the horses who have visited those babies walking ?
the horses that the boy has reached do walk .	do the horses that the boy has reached walk ?
those children that were calling those children did read .	did those children that were calling those children read ?
this baby that some animal has called is walking .	is this baby that some animal has called walking ?
this girl that the person is reaching was reaching some animal by the children .	was this girl that the person is reaching reaching some animal by the children ?
the boys that this horse was watching do watch those boys that were walking .	do the boys that this horse was watching watch those boys that were walking ?
some horse who would talk did call those people behind some boy .	did some horse who would talk call those people behind some boy ?
the horses who have fed some boy are knowing those children behind this boy .	are the horses who have fed some boy knowing those children behind this boy ?
some babies that did read are playing .	are some babies that did read playing ?
some baby who those babies shall watch has called some baby behind those girls .	has some baby who those babies shall watch called some baby behind those girls ?
some babies who some boy has found were playing .	were some babies who some boy has found playing ?
this baby that the people shall pick is walking .	is this baby that the people shall pick walking ?
this girl that is drawing was playing .	was this girl that is drawing playing ?
some animal who shall fall is picking this child by some boy .	is some animal who shall fall picking this child by some boy ?
some girls that the boys are seeing have seen this child that those people are reaching .	have some girls that the boys are seeing seen this child that those people are reaching ?
some people that do work were falling .	were some people that do work falling ?
this girl that was talking would reach those people .	would this girl that was talking reach those people ?
this horse that is helping some baby was falling .	was this horse that is helping some baby falling ?
the boy that was feeding this horse has sat .	has the boy that was feeding this horse sat ?
some horse who some baby did pick is seeing this boy .	is some horse who some baby did pick seeing this boy ?
some person that the boys were seeing would feed the horse .	would some person that the boys were seeing feed the horse ?
the girls that can work would find some person that those girls have found .	would the girls that can work find some person that those girls have found ?
some boys who have helped the child did help some animal .	did some boys who have helped the child help some animal ?
the animals who were finding some animals are drawing .	are the animals who were finding some animals drawing ?
the baby who can see those horses has played .	has the baby who can see those horses played ?
some girl that can find this child is finding the child .	is some girl that can find this child finding the child ?
the people that have watched some baby were playing .	were the people that have watched some baby playing ?
this horse who those boys were knowing does help the boys by the boys .	does this horse who those boys were knowing help the boys by the boys ?
those people who are sleeping were drawing .	were those people who are sleeping drawing ?
those boys that would fall were watching some boys that have sat .	were those boys that would fall watching some boys that have sat ?
those children who the children are visiting were seeing this animal by the girls .	were those children who the children are visiting seeing this animal by the girls ?
this girl who has seen this person was sleeping .	was this girl who has seen this person sleeping ?
the boy who the boy shall visit is trying .	is the boy who the boy shall visit trying ?
the babies who the horses are feeding have seen some animals .	have the babies who the horses are feeding seen some animals ?
the girls who have seen those babies are calling some animals by some babies .	are the girls who have seen those babies calling some animals by some babies ?
some children who some child can find shall sleep .	shall some children who some child can find sleep ?
some animals who are seeing the horse would call the boy .	would some animals who are seeing the horse call the boy ?
the person who was knowing the horses has known some babies by some child .	has the person who was knowing the horses known some babies by some child ?
this person that the baby was picking has seen some boys that this child has watched .	has this person that the baby was picking seen some boys that this child has watched ?
those children that shall walk were falling .	were those children that shall walk falling ?
this baby who can feed those people does find some animals behind the babies .	does this baby who can feed those people find some animals behind the babies ?
this baby that does try would see some horse who can sleep .	would this baby that does try see some horse who can sleep ?
some boys who the boy is seeing are talking .	are some boys who the boy is seeing talking ?
those boys who some baby has picked have fallen .	have those boys who some baby has picked fallen ?
the girls that the girls do find would pick the boys who some boy did reach .	would the girls that the girls do find pick the boys who some boy did reach ?
those boys that this girl does watch were helping the horses behind some girls .	were those boys that this girl does watch helping the horses behind some girls ?
some babies who have tried do fall .	do some babies who have tried fall ?
this animal that some child was finding did find the babies who have watched the people .	did this animal that some child was finding find the babies who have watched the people ?
the person that this child does call did reach some girls behind some people .	did the person that this child does call reach some girls behind some people ?
some horse who is helping those children shall walk .	shall some horse who is helping those children walk ?
some girls that have walked were siting .	were some girls that have walked siting ?
this girl that was drawing did sit .	did this girl that was drawing sit ?
those people that were siting have drawn .	have those people that were siting drawn ?
the girl who this baby has known does help some children by the boy .	does the girl who this baby has known help some children by the boy ?
this person who some boy was visiting shall fall .	shall this person who some boy was visiting fall ?
some girl that does see those horses has found the person by some boy .	has some girl that does see those horses found the person by some boy ?
the person who is finding this baby has read .	has the person who is finding this baby read ?
the babies who have read did work .	did the babies who have read work ?
the girl who some babies are seeing would call some baby who this baby is visiting .	would the girl who some babies are seeing call some baby who this baby is visiting ?
the baby who was siting has visited those animals that were finding some boy .	has the baby who was siting visited those animals that were finding some boy ?
the animals that the boys were reaching are reaching this animal by this horse .	are the animals that the boys were reaching reaching this animal by this horse ?
this animal who some children do feed can draw .	can this animal who some children do feed draw ?
the horses that the horse was finding have tried .	have the horses that the horse was finding tried ?
some boy that this child is visiting would draw .	would some boy that this child is visiting draw ?
those horses that shall know the boys did walk .	did those horses that shall know the boys walk ?
the girls who were working can know this horse by some boy .	can the girls who were working know this horse by some boy ?
the horse that the horse is watching was picking the person that has visited those babies .	was the horse that the horse is watching picking the person that has visited those babies ?
some baby who is calling this child has reached some animal by the boys .	has some baby who is calling this child reached some animal by the boys ?
those boys that do walk have reached the horse behind the boy .	have those boys that do walk reached the horse behind the boy ?
the baby who can pick some horses is knowing the babies .	is the baby who can pick some horses knowing the babies ?
the girls that were trying have sat .	have the girls that were trying sat ?
those children who some baby has called can talk .	can those children who some baby has called talk ?
some baby that can talk shall read .	shall some baby that can talk read ?
this girl that some child has reached does reach some children .	does this girl that some child has reached reach some children ?
some people who the animals do visit did talk .	did some people who the animals do visit talk ?
those people who shall see the girls were reaching this baby by the person .	were those people who shall see the girls reaching this baby by the person ?
this boy who some baby is picking has read .	has this boy who some baby is picking read ?
some girl who some person was calling did reach some people .	did some girl who some person was calling reach some people ?
the girls that the boy did see have played .	have the girls that the boy did see played ?
those animals who the horse has watched are picking some children behind this person .	are those animals who the horse has watched picking some children behind this person ?
some person who does walk was helping some child behind this baby .	was some person who does walk helping some child behind this baby ?
the horse that those animals have watched can talk .	can the horse that those animals have watched talk ?
the people that some people would call have fallen .	have the people that some people would call fallen ?
the person who does pick some animals did know some girls that were finding the horse .	did the person who does pick some animals know some girls that were finding the horse ?
some children who shall sleep are playing .	are some children who shall sleep playing ?
those animals that the girl has reached shall sleep .	shall those animals that the girl has reached sleep ?
the person that this baby did know shall call this horse .	shall the person that this baby did know call this horse ?
some baby that this boy did feed is talking .	is some baby that this boy did feed talking ?
those horses who some person is visiting do see the people who are walking .	do those horses who some person is visiting see the people who are walking ?
this boy that does find some animal was playing .	was this boy that does find some animal playing ?
some children who would help some baby were drawing .	were some children who would help some baby drawing ?
some children who did watch this animal can call some children behind this person .	can some children who did watch this animal call some children behind this person ?
this animal who some person shall visit has visited some child .	has this animal who some person shall visit visited some child ?
some children who did know the horse have drawn .	have some children who did know the horse drawn ?
those animals who would reach some people have found this person behind those horses .	have those animals who would reach some people found this person behind those horses ?
some girl that is visiting some people was drawing .	was some girl that is visiting some people drawing ?
some babies who some baby shall see were visiting the children by the horses .	were some babies who some baby shall see visiting the children by the horses ?
those babies that have known those girls were calling this animal by the people .	were those babies that have known those girls calling this animal by the people ?
some horse that has known those people can walk .	can some horse that has known those people walk ?
those people who were visiting those people can walk .	can those people who were visiting those people walk ?
the baby that was picking this horse is talking .	is the baby that was picking this horse talking ?
those children who are talking have seen the boy that the person shall visit .	have those children who are talking seen the boy that the person shall visit ?
some horse who has played is reaching the boy behind some animal .	is some horse who has played reaching the boy behind some animal ?
this animal that can walk was calling this boy by those children .	was this animal that can walk calling this boy by those children ?
some boy that the animals are feeding is picking those children by this animal .	is some boy that the animals are feeding picking those children by this animal ?
those girls that this horse did find would try .	would those girls that this horse did find try ?
the boys that some animals did know have walked .	have the boys that some animals did know walked ?
this horse who was drawing does draw .	does this horse who was drawing draw ?
those boys who have reached those animals were walking .	were those boys who have reached those animals walking ?
this child that some children have helped shall call this boy by this baby .	shall this child that some children have helped call this boy by this baby ?
some baby that shall feed the person is falling .	is some baby that shall feed the person falling ?
the child who has talked does call this person .	does the child who has talked call this person ?
the child that was playing shall pick this girl .	shall the child that was playing pick this girl ?
those boys who have played are seeing the boy .	are those boys who have played seeing the boy ?
the person who this baby was knowing has slept .	has the person who this baby was knowing slept ?
the boys who those girls have reached are seeing those animals that were drawing .	are the boys who those girls have reached seeing those animals that were drawing ?
those girls who those horses were reaching have watched this baby by the baby .	have those girls who those horses were reaching watched this baby by the baby ?
some boys who were watching some children have fallen .	have some boys who were watching some children fallen ?
some horse who has called this boy shall talk .	shall some horse who has called this boy talk ?
this girl who has reached the animals was reaching some animals .	was this girl who has reached the animals reaching some animals ?
the child that this horse shall reach is reaching this animal .	is the child that this horse shall reach reaching this animal ?
the animal who those horses have picked shall work .	shall the animal who those horses have picked work ?
some babies who those animals have known do call the boy by the girls .	do some babies who those animals have known call the boy by the girls ?
some babies who have visited those babies can help some boy .	can some babies who have visited those babies help some boy ?
those boys who the horses are feeding can talk .	can those boys who the horses are feeding talk ?
this person who did work was knowing some girls that would find some babies .	was this person who did work knowing some girls that would find some babies ?
this child who has played would see this horse that has known some horse .	would this child who has played see this horse that has known some horse ?
the horses who have walked were finding the girl who has helped those animals .	were the horses who have walked finding the girl who has helped those animals ?
the people who the boys are visiting were feeding the children that those babies have fed .	were the people who the boys are visiting feeding the children that those babies have fed ?
some children that are working were reaching the boy by some children .	were some children that are working reaching the boy by some children ?
some girl that is visiting this person has sat .	has some girl that is visiting this person sat ?
the boys who the children are feeding did help the boys by the boy .	did the boys who the children are feeding help the boys by the boy ?
this horse that some person would pick is working .	is this horse that some person would pick working ?
some girls who the girl is finding were working .	were some girls who the girl is finding working ?
the people who this baby has visited can find those children .	can the people who this baby has visited find those children ?
some boy who some horses shall reach did read .	did some boy who some horses shall reach read ?
some horses who this horse is helping are walking .	are some horses who this horse is helping walking ?
some girl that those horses were helping was visiting some girls that the people have visited .	was some girl that those horses were helping visiting some girls that the people have visited ?
this horse who this child shall know is finding those boys who some people were watching .	is this horse who this child shall know finding those boys who some people were watching ?
those babies who some babies were visiting would know the person .	would those babies who some babies were visiting know the person ?
this horse who was feeding some babies is knowing this baby by the person .	is this horse who was feeding some babies knowing this baby by the person ?
the person that this person was seeing can fall .	can the person that this person was seeing fall ?
the person who the horses can know did sleep .	did the person who the horses can know sleep ?
some animals that some girls have reached are falling .	are some animals that some girls have reached falling ?
this animal who the animal can call does draw .	does this animal who the animal can call draw ?
this baby who some baby has seen did sit .	did this baby who some baby has seen sit ?
the babies who some horse shall see were drawing .	were the babies who some horse shall see drawing ?
the boys who those animals did find were finding the babies behind the girl .	were the boys who those animals did find finding the babies behind the girl ?
the baby who has seen some animal did see some child behind some children .	did the baby who has seen some animal see some child behind some children ?
some girl who has known some horse is sleeping .	is some girl who has known some horse sleeping ?
this baby who can draw was reaching some child that has fed this horse .	was this baby who can draw reaching some child that has fed this horse ?
some boy who was seeing the girl shall walk .	shall some boy who was seeing the girl walk ?
the boys who have reached some babies were visiting some people that did read .	were the boys who have reached some babies visiting some people that did read ?
some baby who shall fall was sleeping .	was some baby who shall fall sleeping ?
the people that this child has called are picking the baby .	are the people that this child has called picking the baby ?
the horse who the girls would feed did visit this animal .	did the horse who the girls would feed visit this animal ?
the child who the horses did watch was working .	was the child who the horses did watch working ?
those people that have fed those boys do find the child by this person .	do those people that have fed those boys find the child by this person ?
the boy that was picking some person can sit .	can the boy that was picking some person sit ?
this child that has sat did feed some boy by this girl .	did this child that has sat feed some boy by this girl ?
the horse who the boy is picking was picking the people behind some child .	was the horse who the boy is picking picking the people behind some child ?
this boy that this girl is calling would read .	would this boy that this girl is calling read ?
this person that the horses are visiting did fall .	did this person that the horses are visiting fall ?
the horse who those girls are knowing was picking this horse by those people .	was the horse who those girls are knowing picking this horse by those people ?
those people that the people do know have played .	have those people that the people do know played ?
this child who the boys did visit would help some children .	would this child who the boys did visit help some children ?
some girl that has visited those girls was reaching some people behind some horse .	was some girl that has visited those girls reaching some people behind some horse ?
some child who some child has found shall sleep .	shall some child who some child has found sleep ?
this baby that did call some child has talked .	has this baby that did call some child talked ?
those children who the people have visited are feeding some girls by those people .	are those children who the people have visited feeding some girls by those people ?
the horses that those people were calling have walked .	have the horses that those people were calling walked ?
those animals that are feeding some horse have worked .	have those animals that are feeding some horse worked ?
some horses that were playing have sat .	have some horses that were playing sat ?
the boys who are watching the baby shall read .	shall the boys who are watching the baby read ?
some baby that can visit some animal does pick the animal that would sit .	does some baby that can visit some animal pick the animal that would sit ?
some people who the children have found did watch some people .	did some people who the children have found watch some people ?
this person that was drawing is feeding the girls who were watching the animals .	is this person that was drawing feeding the girls who were watching the animals ?
the children that can pick the horses are siting .	are the children that can pick the horses siting ?
this person that has worked is visiting the child by the person .	is this person that has worked visiting the child by the person ?
some boy who has known those people would sit .	would some boy who has known those people sit ?
some animal who has visited the girl was reading .	was some animal who has visited the girl reading ?
some animal that does find those boys has known this animal behind this horse .	has some animal that does find those boys known this animal behind this horse ?
those girls who those boys are helping were falling .	were those girls who those boys are helping falling ?
this child that those boys did call was playing .	was this child that those boys did call playing ?
this person who the animal shall help is playing .	is this person who the animal shall help playing ?
the boys that shall help some boys have called some people behind some horses .	have the boys that shall help some boys called some people behind some horses ?
the person that has drawn would walk .	would the person that has drawn walk ?
the children who did pick the children have found some horse behind those animals .	have the children who did pick the children found some horse behind those animals ?
the boy who the person shall pick did find some horses that have read .	did the boy who the person shall pick find some horses that have read ?
the animals who did find some boy are feeding this child .	are the animals who did find some boy feeding this child ?
this boy that has read is reading .	is this boy that has read reading ?
some babies who are reaching the boys shall work .	shall some babies who are reaching the boys work ?
the children that do see the children were finding some boy by the boy .	were the children that do see the children finding some boy by the boy ?
the boys who have picked some children are finding this horse that has talked .	are the boys who have picked some children finding this horse that has talked ?
this horse that does fall was walking .	was this horse that does fall walking ?
this girl that is seeing those boys does see those girls by some girls .	does this girl that is seeing those boys see those girls by some girls ?
some baby that the animal is reaching shall pick the horse .	shall some baby that the animal is reaching pick the horse ?
those children that did see some girls are walking .	are those children that did see some girls walking ?
some horse who has talked did try .	did some horse who has talked try ?
some boy who the girl shall pick has read .	has some boy who the girl shall pick read ?
some children that have talked would pick some baby behind those people .	would some children that have talked pick some baby behind those people ?
this child who would help the child has found some horse by those girls .	has this child who would help the child found some horse by those girls ?
some child who is feeding the people would know this girl behind some horses .	would some child who is feeding the people know this girl behind some horses ?
this person that has watched some horse was watching some children that were talking .	was this person that has watched some horse watching some children that were talking ?
some people that would visit some girls have slept .	have some people that would visit some girls slept ?
some child that does feed the baby is siting .	is some child that does feed the baby siting ?
this child who some girls can pick has slept .	has this child who some girls can pick slept ?
some boy who does pick this baby has helped some children behind this baby .	has some boy who does pick this baby helped some children behind this baby ?
some horse who does watch those children has played .	has some horse who does watch those children played ?
those girls who those people are reaching would see those animals by this animal .	would those girls who those people are reaching see those animals by this animal ?
those animals that were helping the babies are reading .	are those animals that were helping the babies reading ?
some child who some horses are picking has sat .	has some child who some horses are picking sat ?
those horses who would see some child can see the boy .	can those horses who would see some child see the boy ?
some girls that those people did see are playing .	are some girls that those people did see playing ?
this animal who would visit the girl is playing .	is this animal who would visit the girl playing ?
those animals that did help those boys can visit some children .	can those animals that did help those boys visit some children ?
some girls that have visited the people can fall .	can some girls that have visited the people fall ?
the person that has reached some horse would find some people behind some children .	would the person that has reached some horse find some people behind some children ?
the boys who have drawn shall reach some people behind the horses .	shall the boys who have drawn reach some people behind the horses ?
some people that the boy has reached were falling .	were some people that the boy has reached falling ?
those babies who have walked are calling some boys .	are those babies who have walked calling some boys ?
those people who have talked did try .	did those people who have talked try ?
some girl that the person can visit would pick some boy that is helping those horses .	would some girl that the person can visit pick some boy that is helping those horses ?
this girl who this horse is watching shall find this girl who was reaching the child .	shall this girl who this horse is watching find this girl who was reaching the child ?
some children who those animals have reached were talking .	were some children who those animals have reached talking ?
the children that some horses are feeding were feeding the boys behind some boys .	were the children that some horses are feeding feeding the boys behind some boys ?
the baby who does see some child would sit .	would the baby who does see some child sit ?
the people who some babies did know shall sit .	shall the people who some babies did know sit ?
those boys who this girl has found were falling .	were those boys who this girl has found falling ?
the girl that is reaching this person shall visit this girl by some people .	shall the girl that is reaching this person visit this girl by some people ?
some boy who the horses can reach is walking .	is some boy who the horses can reach walking ?
those animals who some girl would see shall call some person that the babies have visited .	shall those animals who some girl would see call some person that the babies have visited ?
some people that are walking did find the child who shall sit .	did some people that are walking find the child who shall sit ?
this boy that did watch the child has visited some boys who were calling this child .	has this boy that did watch the child visited some boys who were calling this child ?
this baby that some babies have visited is working .	is this baby that some babies have visited working ?
some person that this person would call has worked .	has some person that this person would call worked ?
some girls who have reached some baby can talk .	can some girls who have reached some baby talk ?
the animal who some girls can find is walking .	is the animal who some girls can find walking ?
this baby that some children are helping does play .	does this baby that some children are helping play ?
some person who some child has helped shall call some girls that do call the people .	shall some person who some child has helped call some girls that do call the people ?
the horses who those animals did know were reaching this baby behind some girl .	were the horses who those animals did know reaching this baby behind some girl ?
some babies who those children did see shall talk .	shall some babies who those children did see talk ?
those children that can talk were falling .	were those children that can talk falling ?
the people that have worked were working .	were the people that have worked working ?
those people that were working shall work .	shall those people that were working work ?
the boy who the child was watching has visited some baby .	has the boy who the child was watching visited some baby ?
this girl that is calling this baby was trying .	was this girl that is calling this baby trying ?
some babies who the boys have called shall talk .	shall some babies who the boys have called talk ?
the person who some child was visiting shall draw .	shall the person who some child was visiting draw ?
the animal that would watch the babies is feeding those animals that have watched some children .	is the animal that would watch the babies feeding those animals that have watched some children ?
those animals that were working would sit .	would those animals that were working sit ?
those girls who have reached those children are falling .	are those girls who have reached those children falling ?
this animal who would help the horse shall sleep .	shall this animal who would help the horse sleep ?
those boys that the girl is reaching have slept .	have those boys that the girl is reaching slept ?
this person that has called some baby does sit .	does this person that has called some baby sit ?
some girl that some children were seeing has drawn .	has some girl that some children were seeing drawn ?
the person who has reached the boys is knowing this girl behind the animals .	is the person who has reached the boys knowing this girl behind the animals ?
this baby that is knowing the animal has watched the child by the children .	has this baby that is knowing the animal watched the child by the children ?
the babies who did sit have fallen .	have the babies who did sit fallen ?
this girl that those girls can watch has drawn .	has this girl that those girls can watch drawn ?
those girls who have read can know the children that have fed those babies .	can those girls who have read know the children that have fed those babies ?
those horses that the babies were picking are picking the boy .	are those horses that the babies were picking picking the boy ?
the person that can watch those horses has reached some person by some animal .	has the person that can watch those horses reached some person by some animal ?
the boys that were knowing the girl did talk .	did the boys that were knowing the girl talk ?
those animals who are helping the animals have slept .	have those animals who are helping the animals slept ?
those horses that some baby was watching have found the girls that the animal has picked .	have those horses that some baby was watching found the girls that the animal has picked ?
those people who some child has watched can talk .	can those people who some child has watched talk ?
those boys that would talk do play .	do those boys that would talk play ?
the baby who has fed those people did draw .	did the baby who has fed those people draw ?
some baby who this person is visiting has drawn .	has some baby who this person is visiting drawn ?
some animals who shall play do draw .	do some animals who shall play draw ?
the people that some children are calling shall call the babies who are picking this child .	shall the people that some children are calling call the babies who are picking this child ?
some animals who were feeding some animal have picked some people behind some girl .	have some animals who were feeding some animal picked some people behind some girl ?
this child that did visit this child is knowing some person by the babies .	is this child that did visit this child knowing some person by the babies ?
those children who have visited the people can play .	can those children who have visited the people play ?
those boys that shall call those horses were picking some animals who have known this baby .	were those boys that shall call those horses picking some animals who have known this baby ?
this animal who did try is drawing .	is this animal who did try drawing ?
this person that some boy was calling has sat .	has this person that some boy was calling sat ?
the boys that have known this child did fall .	did the boys that have known this child fall ?
this boy who shall pick the babies did see those horses behind the boy .	did this boy who shall pick the babies see those horses behind the boy ?
some babies that were watching those horses have worked .	have some babies that were watching those horses worked ?
the girl who the children can visit would know those boys behind this girl .	would the girl who the children can visit know those boys behind this girl ?
some people who the animals have helped would feed the children that have slept .	would some people who the animals have helped feed the children that have slept ?
some horses that some boy has called were playing .	were some horses that some boy has called playing ?
some children who were finding some baby did watch the person that those girls have found .	did some children who were finding some baby watch the person that those girls have found ?
those girls that the animals were picking would play .	would those girls that the animals were picking play ?
the baby that has helped those animals can feed this person .	can the baby that has helped those animals feed this person ?
some animal that would reach some person has talked .	has some animal that would reach some person talked ?
some child that has visited this animal is picking the horses who would sit .	is some child that has visited this animal picking the horses who would sit ?
the boys that those children have seen are visiting some animals behind those people .	are the boys that those children have seen visiting some animals behind those people ?
the boy who this horse was knowing has sat .	has the boy who this horse was knowing sat ?
the people who shall help the people did visit this child .	did the people who shall help the people visit this child ?
the children who some baby was seeing have visited those children by those children .	have the children who some baby was seeing visited those children by those children ?
some people that this horse was picking have called some girl by some girls .	have some people that this horse was picking called some girl by some girls ?
this child who can see some animal does sleep .	does this child who can see some animal sleep ?
those animals that would feed the children are talking .	are those animals that would feed the children talking ?
the animals who are calling this baby can pick this girl behind the children .	can the animals who are calling this baby pick this girl behind the children ?
some person that the animal can visit is falling .	is some person that the animal can visit falling ?
some boy who shall reach this animal can call the babies .	can some boy who shall reach this animal call the babies ?
some people that were sleeping are helping the girls behind this animal .	are some people that were sleeping helping the girls behind this animal ?
some baby that is finding some horses has picked those horses .	has some baby that is finding some horses picked those horses ?
some animals that were visiting some girl did play .	did some animals that were visiting some girl play ?
the girl that the children are feeding is talking .	is the girl that the children are feeding talking ?
the people who did call the babies have read .	have the people who did call the babies read ?
the babies that did reach those girls are seeing this girl who did help those girls .	are the babies that did reach those girls seeing this girl who did help those girls ?
the person that some baby would reach can call some animal .	can the person that some baby would reach call some animal ?
the boys that have found some person were playing .	were the boys that have found some person playing ?
the children who have reached the girl are falling .	are the children who have reached the girl falling ?
those boys that some boy was seeing did talk .	did those boys that some boy was seeing talk ?
those boys that are finding the people were playing .	were those boys that are finding the people playing ?
this baby that shall find the horse has read .	has this baby that shall find the horse read ?
those children who would reach some animal have worked .	have those children who would reach some animal worked ?
those horses that can sleep are sleeping .	are those horses that can sleep sleeping ?
the boys who have talked were visiting those girls .	were the boys who have talked visiting those girls ?
this person who has found this child was trying .	was this person who has found this child trying ?
some people who some babies are watching did play .	did some people who some babies are watching play ?
some child who the boys do help was visiting this child behind the boys .	was some child who the boys do help visiting this child behind the boys ?
those animals who can read were knowing those girls .	were those animals who can read knowing those girls ?
some children who were helping the people have played .	have some children who were helping the people played ?
the horses who can feed this baby have talked .	have the horses who can feed this baby talked ?
the child who is trying does find this animal .	does the child who is trying find this animal ?
some person that some animals have called has picked some horse .	has some person that some animals have called picked some horse ?
the baby that did read is visiting this girl behind some child .	is the baby that did read visiting this girl behind some child ?
some babies that would reach some horses are walking .	are some babies that would reach some horses walking ?
those people who the person has called shall feed those animals by this boy .	shall those people who the person has called feed those animals by this boy ?
the boys that shall sit have tried .	have the boys that shall sit tried ?
the horses who have tried are seeing the person behind this baby .	are the horses who have tried seeing the person behind this baby ?
this child that this horse has known was playing .	was this child that this horse has known playing ?
this horse who was helping some boys did sleep .	did this horse who was helping some boys sleep ?
some babies who are visiting some animal would find some horses .	would some babies who are visiting some animal find some horses ?
some girls who were working have tried .	have some girls who were working tried ?
the girl who was visiting some girls has visited some animal .	has the girl who was visiting some girls visited some animal ?
this child that is picking the girls has known this boy who the boys are calling .	has this child that is picking the girls known this boy who the boys are calling ?
this baby who some baby has watched shall read .	shall this baby who some baby has watched read ?
the horses who have fallen are falling .	are the horses who have fallen falling ?
the animals who can call some child have watched those people by the children .	have the animals who can call some child watched those people by the children ?
those people who shall reach some people are trying .	are those people who shall reach some people trying ?
some girl who does feed some horses is playing .	is some girl who does feed some horses playing ?
the child who some boys have reached shall play .	shall the child who some boys have reached play ?
the children that are walking would see this baby by those people .	would the children that are walking see this baby by those people ?
the babies who the person was reaching were sleeping .	were the babies who the person was reaching sleeping ?
this animal that those children would see was playing .	was this animal that those children would see playing ?
this girl that would find some boys can sit .	can this girl that would find some boys sit ?
some horses that have called some animals are reaching those babies .	are some horses that have called some animals reaching those babies ?
the children that have picked some girls do talk .	do the children that have picked some girls talk ?
this animal who some person was picking is walking .	is this animal who some person was picking walking ?
those children who were calling some child can visit some animal that was trying .	can those children who were calling some child visit some animal that was trying ?
the animal who was talking would know this boy that has helped those animals .	would the animal who was talking know this boy that has helped those animals ?
the people that some child can call have known the boy who some girl has visited .	have the people that some child can call known the boy who some girl has visited ?
some animals who have called the girl shall talk .	shall some animals who have called the girl talk ?
the children that the people can find were watching some babies by this girl .	were the children that the people can find watching some babies by this girl ?
some animal that is finding this animal did see this baby who some horse has reached .	did some animal that is finding this animal see this baby who some horse has reached ?
some girls that some people have helped are visiting those children who have talked .	are some girls that some people have helped visiting those children who have talked ?
the animals that some boys have found would fall .	would the animals that some boys have found fall ?
the child that can find some boy is watching this horse by the babies .	is the child that can find some boy watching this horse by the babies ?
those children who some animal is helping have drawn .	have those children who some animal is helping drawn ?
the people that were picking this baby have fallen .	have the people that were picking this baby fallen ?
some children who the child did know can feed some animal .	can some children who the child did know feed some animal ?
the horses that the child has watched are picking this boy that can draw .	are the horses that the child has watched picking this boy that can draw ?
the animal who did watch some person has played .	has the animal who did watch some person played ?
the person that has sat can call the child behind the children .	can the person that has sat call the child behind the children ?
the baby that the horses have known has tried .	has the baby that the horses have known tried ?
some babies that the horses are helping do watch the animals that the people shall call .	do some babies that the horses are helping watch the animals that the people shall call ?
those boys that shall find the person are reaching some girl that shall read .	are those boys that shall find the person reaching some girl that shall read ?
the child who some girl is finding does read .	does the child who some girl is finding read ?
this child who is knowing some people does read .	does this child who is knowing some people read ?
the boys who can call those girls have fed this animal that would feed some boys .	have the boys who can call those girls fed this animal that would feed some boys ?
those boys that those children are picking shall know this person by those boys .	shall those boys that those children are picking know this person by those boys ?
some girl who those horses are watching has visited the children .	has some girl who those horses are watching visited the children ?
the boys who some animals did know can pick some child who the girl can pick .	can the boys who some animals did know pick some child who the girl can pick ?
the babies who shall watch some baby do talk .	do the babies who shall watch some baby talk ?
the child that has visited some horses is knowing the horses .	is the child that has visited some horses knowing the horses ?
the animal who this baby can find is calling the child by some animal .	is the animal who this baby can find calling the child by some animal ?
some girl who was seeing some child is siting .	is some girl who was seeing some child siting ?
the animals who are knowing this animal have known some animals that would walk .	have the animals who are knowing this animal known some animals that would walk ?
some boys that were picking the child have called some person .	have some boys that were picking the child called some person ?
the animals that were trying would watch some girls behind the boys .	would the animals that were trying watch some girls behind the boys ?
some girl that would see the animal can know some person behind some horses .	can some girl that would see the animal know some person behind some horses ?
the animals that have visited the animal are feeding those children behind some boys .	are the animals that have visited the animal feeding those children behind some boys ?
some baby that would call the babies has sat .	has some baby that would call the babies sat ?
the baby that the horse has found can try .	can the baby that the horse has found try ?
this animal that some baby has watched was calling the girls by the boys .	was this animal that some baby has watched calling the girls by the boys ?
the baby who this baby can see has slept .	has the baby who this baby can see slept ?
some animals that some people have fed would visit some boy behind those babies .	would some animals that some people have fed visit some boy behind those babies ?
some child that shall try has reached some horse .	has some child that shall try reached some horse ?
some boys who some people do help have picked this girl .	have some boys who some people do help picked this girl ?
some children that have watched those horses are drawing .	are some children that have watched those horses drawing ?
those horses who this baby was visiting do sleep .	do those horses who this baby was visiting sleep ?
those babies who were finding some horse are walking .	are those babies who were finding some horse walking ?
the boy that was knowing those animals does fall .	does the boy that was knowing those animals fall ?
some child who this boy was knowing has picked some person that some girl did know .	has some child who this boy was knowing picked some person that some girl did know ?
some person that some girls were knowing does visit the animals by this baby .	does some person that some girls were knowing visit the animals by this baby ?
the horses that shall see this girl have fed some horses .	have the horses that shall see this girl fed some horses ?
this boy that can find some child would feed the children .	would this boy that can find some child feed the children ?
the boys who some boy shall help would find this boy who this baby is feeding .	would the boys who some boy shall help find this boy who this baby is feeding ?
some girl that can draw has watched the children who the animals were knowing .	has some girl that can draw watched the children who the animals were knowing ?
this horse who some horse shall feed does visit some boy .	does this horse who some horse shall feed visit some boy ?
some animals that the animals can watch did find the child by the girl .	did some animals that the animals can watch find the child by the girl ?
some child who has talked is feeding this person by some animal .	is some child who has talked feeding this person by some animal ?
those animals that the people were feeding are reading .	are those animals that the people were feeding reading ?
some boy that was picking some people has played .	has some boy that was picking some people played ?
those people that can visit this baby were drawing .	were those people that can visit this baby drawing ?
the boys that this baby was calling have slept .	have the boys that this baby was calling slept ?
the horses that were walking would reach some children by the girls .	would the horses that were walking reach some children by the girls ?
the boy that has visited those animals does sit .	does the boy that has visited those animals sit ?
some girl that has found those girls is knowing those children that the horses have visited .	is some girl that has found those girls knowing those children that the horses have visited ?
those animals that some baby did know were siting .	were those animals that some baby did know siting ?
the horses that are falling have sat .	have the horses that are falling sat ?
the horses that are reaching this person would call the children behind this baby .	would the horses that are reaching this person call the children behind this baby ?
some girls who some people can call have slept .	have some girls who some people can call slept ?
this child that does try would fall .	would this child that does try fall ?
the children who the person has seen have slept .	have the children who the person has seen slept ?
some animal who those children are knowing has reached some girls by some girls .	has some animal who those children are knowing reached some girls by some girls ?
some boys who this animal has reached have found the boys behind this horse .	have some boys who this animal has reached found the boys behind this horse ?
the boy who has reached some children was reading .	was the boy who has reached some children reading ?
the animals who the person shall pick have seen the child by the horses .	have the animals who the person shall pick seen the child by the horses ?
the people that do watch the girls would watch the animals behind those children .	would the people that do watch the girls watch the animals behind those children ?
this animal who is seeing this boy has known some person by some baby .	has this animal who is seeing this boy known some person by some baby ?
those babies who some babies have found were seeing some girl by some person .	were those babies who some babies have found seeing some girl by some person ?
the girl who some animal did find was working .	was the girl who some animal did find working ?
the girls who those people do call have visited the girls behind the horse .	have the girls who those people do call visited the girls behind the horse ?
the girls that do reach some animals can try .	can the girls that do reach some animals try ?
some girl that the baby is calling would pick some people .	would some girl that the baby is calling pick some people ?
some children that were seeing the child have played .	have some children that were seeing the child played ?
this person who the girl shall see has tried .	has this person who the girl shall see tried ?
some girls that those people have known were reaching some girl .	were some girls that those people have known reaching some girl ?
the person that is seeing the animal has picked some boys .	has the person that is seeing the animal picked some boys ?
those children who this boy shall pick were drawing .	were those children who this boy shall pick drawing ?
the boys that the babies do know have read .	have the boys that the babies do know read ?
the baby who was talking has fallen .	has the baby who was talking fallen ?
some boys that some horse was visiting are falling .	are some boys that some horse was visiting falling ?
those horses who are walking do call some horse that has called the children .	do those horses who are walking call some horse that has called the children ?
the girl that can find some animals has known some animals who have watched some horse .	has the girl that can find some animals known some animals who have watched some horse ?
those girls who have seen the girls did talk .	did those girls who have seen the girls talk ?
this boy who would reach some child was trying .	was this boy who would reach some child trying ?
some child that those children are visiting has talked .	has some child that those children are visiting talked ?
the babies that were feeding those children have walked .	have the babies that were feeding those children walked ?
some girl that those horses shall reach is playing .	is some girl that those horses shall reach playing ?
the boys that have slept do read .	do the boys that have slept read ?
this baby who does visit the boy is reading .	is this baby who does visit the boy reading ?
some boy who those girls have known has talked .	has some boy who those girls have known talked ?
some girls who can play do work .	do some girls who can play work ?
some child that has fed some children shall draw .	shall some child that has fed some children draw ?
this boy that some children shall help was calling the child who has slept .	was this boy that some children shall help calling the child who has slept ?
the baby that the child has found was falling .	was the baby that the child has found falling ?
the baby who has slept shall play .	shall the baby who has slept play ?
those babies who were working can call those children by this child .	can those babies who were working call those children by this child ?
some girls who were working have read .	have some girls who were working read ?
some horse that those children have helped has reached this baby by those people .	has some horse that those children have helped reached this baby by those people ?
the horses who do walk have fallen .	have the horses who do walk fallen ?
this person who has called those people shall work .	shall this person who has called those people work ?
some children that are feeding the person have fallen .	have some children that are feeding the person fallen ?
this boy that the child shall reach was feeding some person behind some children .	was this boy that the child shall reach feeding some person behind some children ?
the people who those boys shall visit have read .	have the people who those boys shall visit read ?
some children that some people have reached shall call this animal .	shall some children that some people have reached call this animal ?
the animals that have drawn were reaching some boys behind those horses .	were the animals that have drawn reaching some boys behind those horses ?
some people who do feed some babies have sat .	have some people who do feed some babies sat ?
those boys who have read are picking those animals behind this girl .	are those boys who have read picking those animals behind this girl ?
the babies that have known those people were sleeping .	were the babies that have known those people sleeping ?
the girls that were feeding the boy did read .	did the girls that were feeding the boy read ?
those children that have called the boys would find the boys behind some people .	would those children that have called the boys find the boys behind some people ?
this animal who is playing would watch those horses behind the girls .	would this animal who is playing watch those horses behind the girls ?
the animal that was calling this person did know some boy by the horse .	did the animal that was calling this person know some boy by the horse ?
this boy that is visiting some animal shall talk .	shall this boy that is visiting some animal talk ?
the horses that those animals have fed would know some animal that has fed the girls .	would the horses that those animals have fed know some animal that has fed the girls ?
some girls that were reading are sleeping .	are some girls that were reading sleeping ?
the boy who has helped those boys was picking some baby that has known some boy .	was the boy who has helped those boys picking some baby that has known some boy ?
some animals who this child has reached did pick some animal .	did some animals who this child has reached pick some animal ?
some children that do sleep did help this horse .	did some children that do sleep help this horse ?
some horse that has found the girl shall pick some girls that have fallen .	shall some horse that has found the girl pick some girls that have fallen ?
this person who would try has picked this animal that shall pick the boy .	has this person who would try picked this animal that shall pick the boy ?
this girl who the horses are calling has fed those horses .	has this girl who the horses are calling fed those horses ?
the boy who has reached some person shall walk .	shall the boy who has reached some person walk ?
the children that have known those children are working .	are the children that have known those children working ?
this person who the horses have fed shall read .	shall this person who the horses have fed read ?
those children that some babies did know have watched the boys that the horse was picking .	have those children that some babies did know watched the boys that the horse was picking ?
some boys who were visiting those animals have reached the babies behind some babies .	have some boys who were visiting those animals reached the babies behind some babies ?
some children who some girls have called shall feed those babies by some boys .	shall some children who some girls have called feed those babies by some boys ?
the animal that some baby was finding has reached those animals by some boys .	has the animal that some baby was finding reached those animals by some boys ?
some girl that was helping some children is trying .	is some girl that was helping some children trying ?
the animal that was picking some babies has fallen .	has the animal that was picking some babies fallen ?
this boy that is trying has walked .	has this boy that is trying walked ?
some girls who are calling the children have seen some babies by some people .	have some girls who are calling the children seen some babies by some people ?
some boy that would know those babies was walking .	was some boy that would know those babies walking ?
the horse that those children have known does fall .	does the horse that those children have known fall ?
some people who some animal has reached have seen those boys behind some animals .	have some people who some animal has reached seen those boys behind some animals ?
the person who has fed some girl would sleep .	would the person who has fed some girl sleep ?
this boy who some person did help would sit .	would this boy who some person did help sit ?
those boys that this animal has helped did help this animal .	did those boys that this animal has helped help this animal ?
this person who those horses have reached would draw .	would this person who those horses have reached draw ?
those animals who some baby has visited were seeing the baby .	were those animals who some baby has visited seeing the baby ?
this child that the children have found was seeing some horses who some horses did feed .	was this child that the children have found seeing some horses who some horses did feed ?
some horses who those horses are helping have talked .	have some horses who those horses are helping talked ?
this child who is siting has watched this boy behind some horse .	has this child who is siting watched this boy behind some horse ?
some girls who do read are feeding some children by some children .	are some girls who do read feeding some children by some children ?
some people who have seen the baby are calling some boy by some boys .	are some people who have seen the baby calling some boy by some boys ?
some girl who has picked this person was knowing this baby behind the girls .	was some girl who has picked this person knowing this baby behind the girls ?
this boy that some boy has found is sleeping .	is this boy that some boy has found sleeping ?
some boy that was watching the girls shall reach some people behind the girl .	shall some boy that was watching the girls reach some people behind the girl ?
those babies that are feeding some girl were sleeping .	were those babies that are feeding some girl sleeping ?
the girl who did work has helped the babies .	has the girl who did work helped the babies ?
the boy that shall know some babies was reaching the girl that would sleep .	was the boy that shall know some babies reaching the girl that would sleep ?
this person who shall sleep has known some boys that some animal has fed .	has this person who shall sleep known some boys that some animal has fed ?
the boy who those girls were feeding has reached the animals .	has the boy who those girls were feeding reached the animals ?
some baby that is feeding those babies was trying .	was some baby that is feeding those babies trying ?
some boys that some animal has visited are siting .	are some boys that some animal has visited siting ?
some boys who would pick those girls do sleep .	do some boys who would pick those girls sleep ?
the animals who some children were watching have slept .	have the animals who some children were watching slept ?
some girls who were visiting some child are reading .	are some girls who were visiting some child reading ?
the horses that are helping the baby were finding the horse who some boys can watch .	were the horses that are helping the baby finding the horse who some boys can watch ?
the girl who the person has picked was reaching the animals who were knowing the girl .	was the girl who the person has picked reaching the animals who were knowing the girl ?
the boys that have helped the babies shall pick the animal by this horse .	shall the boys that have helped the babies pick the animal by this horse ?
the horses who have fed some child are reading .	are the horses who have fed some child reading ?
some person that some boys were seeing has helped this horse by this girl .	has some person that some boys were seeing helped this horse by this girl ?
the baby that has found the baby was falling .	was the baby that has found the baby falling ?
the babies that are finding some girls have watched the horse .	have the babies that are finding some girls watched the horse ?
the horse who does sleep was sleeping .	was the horse who does sleep sleeping ?
this girl that was watching the animal did know some child by the horses .	did this girl that was watching the animal know some child by the horses ?
the children that shall find the horse are calling some animals that some girls have fed .	are the children that shall find the horse calling some animals that some girls have fed ?
this child who does draw has played .	has this child who does draw played ?
the boys that are trying have helped some child .	have the boys that are trying helped some child ?
the animals that were playing do feed those children who can reach some horses .	do the animals that were playing feed those children who can reach some horses ?
this horse that this baby does pick can find those animals .	can this horse that this baby does pick find those animals ?
some animal that has watched the person did sleep .	did some animal that has watched the person sleep ?
some animals who have helped the child are reaching this baby .	are some animals who have helped the child reaching this baby ?
the horse that did fall would work .	would the horse that did fall work ?
this baby who this girl was seeing has tried .	has this baby who this girl was seeing tried ?
those people that have watched some animal were talking .	were those people that have watched some animal talking ?
some horse that some child would know is siting .	is some horse that some child would know siting ?
those babies that have seen the animals would reach this girl .	would those babies that have seen the animals reach this girl ?
some boy that does draw was seeing the horses who those children have fed .	was some boy that does draw seeing the horses who those children have fed ?
those animals that shall talk are calling those animals who can pick the babies .	are those animals that shall talk calling those animals who can pick the babies ?
some girl who this animal has fed is picking some people .	is some girl who this animal has fed picking some people ?
the children who some boys did know have picked the horses by some horses .	have the children who some boys did know picked the horses by some horses ?
some animal who this person is calling would try .	would some animal who this person is calling try ?
some babies that do watch some babies have slept .	have some babies that do watch some babies slept ?
some horses who would sit shall pick the horses .	shall some horses who would sit pick the horses ?
the person who the animals have visited has watched the girl by those babies .	has the person who the animals have visited watched the girl by those babies ?
some animal who was walking has seen the girl that can know some animal .	has some animal who was walking seen the girl that can know some animal ?
some boy who has drawn is working .	is some boy who has drawn working ?
this girl who was calling the girl shall sleep .	shall this girl who was calling the girl sleep ?
some boys that have reached the child were reaching the babies by some animals .	were some boys that have reached the child reaching the babies by some animals ?
this boy who has known some horse is watching the boys .	is this boy who has known some horse watching the boys ?
this horse who this girl has known was seeing this person .	was this horse who this girl has known seeing this person ?
the horse that was working has fed the boy behind this horse .	has the horse that was working fed the boy behind this horse ?
some person that some girl shall feed was visiting the horse behind the animal .	was some person that some girl shall feed visiting the horse behind the animal ?
the girls who some horses are picking were reading .	were the girls who some horses are picking reading ?
this person that was picking those girls has seen some people behind some baby .	has this person that was picking those girls seen some people behind some baby ?
some girls that some animals are reaching have tried .	have some girls that some animals are reaching tried ?
the animal that did try was seeing the horses who this horse has reached .	was the animal that did try seeing the horses who this horse has reached ?
this animal who was watching those people has seen the person by the boy .	has this animal who was watching those people seen the person by the boy ?
the baby who those animals have helped has visited this horse by some children .	has the baby who those animals have helped visited this horse by some children ?
some animal that the horse was watching does sleep .	does some animal that the horse was watching sleep ?
this animal who the people were finding has fallen .	has this animal who the people were finding fallen ?
this baby that shall see some people was trying .	was this baby that shall see some people trying ?
this baby that is calling some girls shall sleep .	shall this baby that is calling some girls sleep ?
this horse who the animals do feed shall play .	shall this horse who the animals do feed play ?
those animals that did work have seen this horse .	have those animals that did work seen this horse ?
some babies that did fall have visited the horse .	have some babies that did fall visited the horse ?
some girls who the boys were calling have called the children who are knowing those children .	have some girls who the boys were calling called the children who are knowing those children ?
some boy who is seeing some horse has seen the boys by those horses .	has some boy who is seeing some horse seen the boys by those horses ?
some girl that shall sit is reaching the girl who some boy has found .	is some girl that shall sit reaching the girl who some boy has found ?
those boys that were watching some baby are seeing the baby by the girl .	are those boys that were watching some baby seeing the baby by the girl ?
those girls who the babies have picked can watch this person .	can those girls who the babies have picked watch this person ?
this girl who the animal would reach was trying .	was this girl who the animal would reach trying ?
those people who the animal has visited are falling .	are those people who the animal has visited falling ?
the girl that those people are calling was watching this horse .	was the girl that those people are calling watching this horse ?
those people that were reaching some girls have watched this baby by the babies .	have those people that were reaching some girls watched this baby by the babies ?
those horses who have slept did play .	did those horses who have slept play ?
those people who the girls were feeding have worked .	have those people who the girls were feeding worked ?
this child that this horse has visited did find the baby by some horse .	did this child that this horse has visited find the baby by some horse ?
this child that the horse has visited was visiting this boy behind some person .	was this child that the horse has visited visiting this boy behind some person ?
those people that this child did know have fed this boy .	have those people that this child did know fed this boy ?
the baby that has slept would pick some animal .	would the baby that has slept pick some animal ?
this baby who those babies were watching is siting .	is this baby who those babies were watching siting ?
some person that the animals are knowing has sat .	has some person that the animals are knowing sat ?
the people who some person has fed did pick some animal .	did the people who some person has fed pick some animal ?
those people that the girls are finding can fall .	can those people that the girls are finding fall ?
the child who has seen those animals would fall .	would the child who has seen those animals fall ?
the animals that can pick some child are finding some person .	are the animals that can pick some child finding some person ?
the baby that was helping this person is seeing some animal who shall watch this horse .	is the baby that was helping this person seeing some animal who shall watch this horse ?
the boys that were sleeping have sat .	have the boys that were sleeping sat ?
the girl who has fallen did visit some girls behind those children .	did the girl who has fallen visit some girls behind those children ?
some animal that has read was trying .	was some animal that has read trying ?
some horse that some people are seeing has reached the child by some boys .	has some horse that some people are seeing reached the child by some boys ?
some boys who the animal is watching are working .	are some boys who the animal is watching working ?
some animals who have seen the people can visit the horses .	can some animals who have seen the people visit the horses ?
the animals who would find the animal have seen some child .	have the animals who would find the animal seen some child ?
some animals that shall work were finding some person behind the baby .	were some animals that shall work finding some person behind the baby ?
the children who some girl can see have played .	have the children who some girl can see played ?
the person who was walking has worked .	has the person who was walking worked ?
the baby that those horses did feed has drawn .	has the baby that those horses did feed drawn ?
those animals that do sit were playing .	were those animals that do sit playing ?
this person that this baby has called was feeding this person by some horses .	was this person that this baby has called feeding this person by some horses ?
this horse who did try was helping some horses behind some animal .	was this horse who did try helping some horses behind some animal ?
some child that the horses have reached can play .	can some child that the horses have reached play ?
some people that can find some horse were reading .	were some people that can find some horse reading ?
the children that are finding the baby have fallen .	have the children that are finding the baby fallen ?
this boy that is picking some boy has visited some horse who some horse did know .	has this boy that is picking some boy visited some horse who some horse did know ?
this boy who those children have watched is visiting some babies by those people .	is this boy who those children have watched visiting some babies by those people ?
some children that did read have visited this girl by the child .	have some children that did read visited this girl by the child ?
those people that are reaching this horse were siting .	were those people that are reaching this horse siting ?
the animal that did call this baby does know this animal .	does the animal that did call this baby know this animal ?
the boys that did watch some animal have walked .	have the boys that did watch some animal walked ?
some person who is seeing the animal has known the child behind some horse .	has some person who is seeing the animal known the child behind some horse ?
some horses that some babies have called do walk .	do some horses that some babies have called walk ?
the babies that were talking are talking .	are the babies that were talking talking ?
this girl who is knowing the animal has helped some person .	has this girl who is knowing the animal helped some person ?
some person that does play has walked .	has some person that does play walked ?
some babies that shall find some girl were finding some children who some animals are visiting .	were some babies that shall find some girl finding some children who some animals are visiting ?
the people that shall reach some babies would visit some baby by the animals .	would the people that shall reach some babies visit some baby by the animals ?
this boy that some girls were calling has fed the child behind those animals .	has this boy that some girls were calling fed the child behind those animals ?
the baby who some animal has known was playing .	was the baby who some animal has known playing ?
some person that would sleep is feeding the children .	is some person that would sleep feeding the children ?
the girls that are seeing those animals can help those horses who shall know some people .	can the girls that are seeing those animals help those horses who shall know some people ?
those people that have fed some animal shall see the child behind the girls .	shall those people that have fed some animal see the child behind the girls ?
the children that were seeing some horse have watched the boys that did visit the girls .	have the children that were seeing some horse watched the boys that did visit the girls ?
some horses that are sleeping were finding some child who was falling .	were some horses that are sleeping finding some child who was falling ?
the person who does play was reaching the child by the child .	was the person who does play reaching the child by the child ?
some person who is calling some horses has reached those babies behind the horses .	has some person who is calling some horses reached those babies behind the horses ?
some horses that do see the girl have sat .	have some horses that do see the girl sat ?
some person that would draw was calling the people by the horses .	was some person that would draw calling the people by the horses ?
the people that have seen some boy are falling .	are the people that have seen some boy falling ?
some people that those babies were watching have helped this person .	have some people that those babies were watching helped this person ?
the person who was helping the animals has reached those animals .	has the person who was helping the animals reached those animals ?
the girls who some people would watch were knowing those people by some babies .	were the girls who some people would watch knowing those people by some babies ?
the boy who did call some person has fallen .	has the boy who did call some person fallen ?
those babies that can watch the boy have walked .	have those babies that can watch the boy walked ?
some horse that has reached those people was working .	was some horse that has reached those people working ?
some boy that the child does see has tried .	has some boy that the child does see tried ?
some girl who was reading would read .	would some girl who was reading read ?
the horse that has slept shall draw .	shall the horse that has slept draw ?
those horses that would pick those girls have sat .	have those horses that would pick those girls sat ?
some horses who those children did see were visiting the boys that would see this person .	were some horses who those children did see visiting the boys that would see this person ?
this person that some baby can see has found some horse .	has this person that some baby can see found some horse ?
the child who this boy shall visit has walked .	has the child who this boy shall visit walked ?
this child that would walk did work .	did this child that would walk work ?
some girls that can visit those babies are working .	are some girls that can visit those babies working ?
this boy that is falling has called those animals by the girls .	has this boy that is falling called those animals by the girls ?
the babies that shall fall can fall .	can the babies that shall fall fall ?
those animals that were trying have talked .	have those animals that were trying talked ?
the children that are reaching the animals have walked .	have the children that are reaching the animals walked ?
the boy who those people are picking is feeding some animals by those babies .	is the boy who those people are picking feeding some animals by those babies ?
those boys that have called this horse did visit the boys behind some horses .	did those boys that have called this horse visit the boys behind some horses ?
some children who some boy did watch were talking .	were some children who some boy did watch talking ?
some horses that have fed the horses were siting .	were some horses that have fed the horses siting ?
the horse that those children do feed would walk .	would the horse that those children do feed walk ?
those girls that the boys were knowing have called the child by some people .	have those girls that the boys were knowing called the child by some people ?
the horse who some animal is visiting has helped this boy .	has the horse who some animal is visiting helped this boy ?
some person who would watch some boy did draw .	did some person who would watch some boy draw ?
this animal who those children are helping has picked the girl .	has this animal who those children are helping picked the girl ?
this horse that those girls are knowing was walking .	was this horse that those girls are knowing walking ?
the boy who shall see some baby has helped the boy behind this boy .	has the boy who shall see some baby helped the boy behind this boy ?
some child who would call this baby has visited this animal that some animal has watched .	has some child who would call this baby visited this animal that some animal has watched ?
the children who the child has picked have sat .	have the children who the child has picked sat ?
those children who shall know those babies would watch the horse by this child .	would those children who shall know those babies watch the horse by this child ?
the boys who have sat did watch some animals by the babies .	did the boys who have sat watch some animals by the babies ?
those children who the children are feeding shall watch this animal who some person does reach .	shall those children who the children are feeding watch this animal who some person does reach ?
this person that did work has walked .	has this person that did work walked ?
those babies that would sit shall find some person by the boys .	shall those babies that would sit find some person by the boys ?
this girl who the baby has fed is drawing .	is this girl who the baby has fed drawing ?
those people that have called this child shall pick this baby by some person .	shall those people that have called this child pick this baby by some person ?
those boys that some girl has seen have visited this animal behind some girls .	have those boys that some girl has seen visited this animal behind some girls ?
those animals who the horses shall know have visited this child by those children .	have those animals who the horses shall know visited this child by those children ?
those children that those boys have helped are reaching some horses that would read .	are those children that those boys have helped reaching some horses that would read ?
those boys who some boy has helped do sit .	do those boys who some boy has helped sit ?
the animal that the people have visited has watched this animal who did watch some boys .	has the animal that the people have visited watched this animal who did watch some boys ?
the child that was trying has walked .	has the child that was trying walked ?
this boy that those animals can reach was reading .	was this boy that those animals can reach reading ?
those children that are seeing those children have slept .	have those children that are seeing those children slept ?
this child that would pick those babies has played .	has this child that would pick those babies played ?
some girls that can call this girl did walk .	did some girls that can call this girl walk ?
those babies that are knowing the animals have reached some boy .	have those babies that are knowing the animals reached some boy ?
the people that are calling the people can read .	can the people that are calling the people read ?
some baby who some boy does find is falling .	is some baby who some boy does find falling ?
some baby who has seen those children was working .	was some baby who has seen those children working ?
the person who has fed this girl shall feed some baby behind those boys .	shall the person who has fed this girl feed some baby behind those boys ?
this child that this person has fed was walking .	was this child that this person has fed walking ?
this child who this girl is picking does sleep .	does this child who this girl is picking sleep ?
some girls that are finding some girl do help those girls who do feed those horses .	do some girls that are finding some girl help those girls who do feed those horses ?
the girl that was siting has talked .	has the girl that was siting talked ?
some baby who can sleep is siting .	is some baby who can sleep siting ?
the horse who the horses were watching is playing .	is the horse who the horses were watching playing ?
the boy who some baby does see has helped those boys .	has the boy who some baby does see helped those boys ?
some girls who have found this baby shall fall .	shall some girls who have found this baby fall ?
this child who does call this person is finding some baby who does watch the children .	is this child who does call this person finding some baby who does watch the children ?
some horses who are falling would walk .	would some horses who are falling walk ?
some girl that is seeing the girls has seen some people behind those children .	has some girl that is seeing the girls seen some people behind those children ?
some boys that the child can reach are drawing .	are some boys that the child can reach drawing ?
some girl who some boys have helped was feeding those people by those children .	was some girl who some boys have helped feeding those people by those children ?
the girl that the horses are picking shall sleep .	shall the girl that the horses are picking sleep ?
those children that this child would watch are reaching some girls behind this girl .	are those children that this child would watch reaching some girls behind this girl ?
those people that were siting are feeding some animal who can help this person .	are those people that were siting feeding some animal who can help this person ?
those children that would watch the animal have fed some child by the horse .	have those children that would watch the animal fed some child by the horse ?
those animals that some horses have found do talk .	do those animals that some horses have found talk ?
those children that the boys did help have seen this horse by the horse .	have those children that the boys did help seen this horse by the horse ?
some child that has slept was falling .	was some child that has slept falling ?
the animal that would fall did sleep .	did the animal that would fall sleep ?
those boys who have fed those people are siting .	are those boys who have fed those people siting ?
some boys that were seeing the boy have fallen .	have some boys that were seeing the boy fallen ?
this horse who the animal has fed is playing .	is this horse who the animal has fed playing ?
the girls that this girl has reached were visiting some animal behind this person .	were the girls that this girl has reached visiting some animal behind this person ?
some boy who some girl has watched shall sleep .	shall some boy who some girl has watched sleep ?
some horse that does find the horses is feeding those girls by some boys .	is some horse that does find the horses feeding those girls by some boys ?
the girls that would walk were walking .	were the girls that would walk walking ?
the baby that shall work has visited the babies by this girl .	has the baby that shall work visited the babies by this girl ?
the animals that would find the child have sat .	have the animals that would find the child sat ?
those animals that some girl is finding would visit the people who were calling this person .	would those animals that some girl is finding visit the people who were calling this person ?
those animals who have called the babies shall watch this child by some horses .	shall those animals who have called the babies watch this child by some horses ?
some baby who has visited the boy is watching this child .	is some baby who has visited the boy watching this child ?
some animals who those children can help are falling .	are some animals who those children can help falling ?
some boys who are siting can call some boys who have found the baby .	can some boys who are siting call some boys who have found the baby ?
some horse that some boy did reach is helping the girl behind those children .	is some horse that some boy did reach helping the girl behind those children ?
those girls that this boy has found would read .	would those girls that this boy has found read ?
the horse that is trying does draw .	does the horse that is trying draw ?
the horse that the horses have known was drawing .	was the horse that the horses have known drawing ?
some children who are sleeping do try .	do some children who are sleeping try ?
those animals that the animals have visited were walking .	were those animals that the animals have visited walking ?
some children that do draw are talking .	are some children that do draw talking ?
those animals who are visiting some animals have visited the girls by this animal .	have those animals who are visiting some animals visited the girls by this animal ?
the baby that the children are feeding is calling the girl .	is the baby that the children are feeding calling the girl ?
the boys who were siting shall call those horses .	shall the boys who were siting call those horses ?
some horse who can see the animals would work .	would some horse who can see the animals work ?
the girls that were calling the child have tried .	have the girls that were calling the child tried ?
some animals who some babies did find shall feed some horse .	shall some animals who some babies did find feed some horse ?
some girls that are seeing some girls have tried .	have some girls that are seeing some girls tried ?
this child that was reaching this person did read .	did this child that was reaching this person read ?
some child who some child was reaching is falling .	is some child who some child was reaching falling ?
the person that did sit was seeing the person behind the girl .	was the person that did sit seeing the person behind the girl ?
the animals that were finding those horses have played .	have the animals that were finding those horses played ?
the child that shall pick some horse has picked the boys who some baby would reach .	has the child that shall pick some horse picked the boys who some baby would reach ?
some animal who is trying can talk .	can some animal who is trying talk ?
some boy that has visited the baby did call some children behind the animals .	did some boy that has visited the baby call some children behind the animals ?
the horses that are calling the babies did try .	did the horses that are calling the babies try ?
this child that shall draw has tried .	has this child that shall draw tried ?
some babies who are sleeping would try .	would some babies who are sleeping try ?
those animals who are talking did draw .	did those animals who are talking draw ?
the horses that are picking some person have sat .	have the horses that are picking some person sat ?
the girls that were seeing some boy have picked this boy behind some boy .	have the girls that were seeing some boy picked this boy behind some boy ?
this animal that does draw was walking .	was this animal that does draw walking ?
those children that are knowing those babies have tried .	have those children that are knowing those babies tried ?
this horse that is reaching some people has sat .	has this horse that is reaching some people sat ?
those girls that those babies have seen shall draw .	shall those girls that those babies have seen draw ?
the horse who some boys have seen has known the animals behind this girl .	has the horse who some boys have seen known the animals behind this girl ?
some animals that those girls are seeing have picked those girls behind some baby .	have some animals that those girls are seeing picked those girls behind some baby ?
this boy that can call the child shall pick the animals by some girl .	shall this boy that can call the child pick the animals by some girl ?
those girls that the animals are picking have fed the horses by the baby .	have those girls that the animals are picking fed the horses by the baby ?
the boy that the children are visiting is siting .	is the boy that the children are visiting siting ?
this animal who some people have reached was finding some horses .	was this animal who some people have reached finding some horses ?
some boys that have called some babies are reading .	are some boys that have called some babies reading ?
this girl that is helping the baby has read .	has this girl that is helping the baby read ?
this animal who was calling the person has sat .	has this animal who was calling the person sat ?
the animal that would feed some girl has watched the child .	has the animal that would feed some girl watched the child ?
the children who have known the child can watch some horse behind the horse .	can the children who have known the child watch some horse behind the horse ?
the people that would play shall find some animal behind the girl .	shall the people that would play find some animal behind the girl ?
this girl that does feed those boys has talked .	has this girl that does feed those boys talked ?
some girl that some animal has found would sleep .	would some girl that some animal has found sleep ?
this boy that has watched those children is visiting some child behind the baby .	is this boy that has watched those children visiting some child behind the baby ?
some animal who some animal shall know has read .	has some animal who some animal shall know read ?
the horses that are reaching this horse do walk .	do the horses that are reaching this horse walk ?
some animals that were drawing have read .	have some animals that were drawing read ?
some horses that the child did pick do know some boys .	do some horses that the child did pick know some boys ?
those babies that shall feed this horse are playing .	are those babies that shall feed this horse playing ?
some people who were finding the children did feed those people behind some person .	did some people who were finding the children feed those people behind some person ?
some boys that shall walk did read .	did some boys that shall walk read ?
the child that has watched some animal is seeing the horse .	is the child that has watched some animal seeing the horse ?
those animals who were feeding some babies are playing .	are those animals who were feeding some babies playing ?
the girl that is reading would visit some person behind some animals .	would the girl that is reading visit some person behind some animals ?
those girls that some horses are seeing have known some babies .	have those girls that some horses are seeing known some babies ?
this child who was seeing this baby is trying .	is this child who was seeing this baby trying ?
the child that does fall would talk .	would the child that does fall talk ?
the horses who the baby would visit did sit .	did the horses who the baby would visit sit ?
this child who is calling this baby has worked .	has this child who is calling this baby worked ?
this horse that those girls have reached is calling some boy that is seeing the horse .	is this horse that those girls have reached calling some boy that is seeing the horse ?
the baby who does walk did see some babies that the babies did see .	did the baby who does walk see some babies that the babies did see ?
some horses that have found some babies are feeding the girl by some girl .	are some horses that have found some babies feeding the girl by some girl ?
this boy who some horse was picking can read .	can this boy who some horse was picking read ?
some baby that some animal was knowing would pick the boy who has read .	would some baby that some animal was knowing pick the boy who has read ?
the animal that has slept did find the people behind some baby .	did the animal that has slept find the people behind some baby ?
the children that were picking some animals are watching some babies by the animals .	are the children that were picking some animals watching some babies by the animals ?
some person who can pick some child has called this child behind the animals .	has some person who can pick some child called this child behind the animals ?
the children who the animals do find were watching some children .	were the children who the animals do find watching some children ?
this horse that this baby has fed was trying .	was this horse that this baby has fed trying ?
the people who this horse has picked can know some child .	can the people who this horse has picked know some child ?
this boy who shall find some animal does try .	does this boy who shall find some animal try ?
some horses who those animals are visiting did walk .	did some horses who those animals are visiting walk ?
this baby who would pick those boys is falling .	is this baby who would pick those boys falling ?
some horse who is reaching some boys does reach this animal that some boy has fed .	does some horse who is reaching some boys reach this animal that some boy has fed ?
some girls that some child shall watch would watch this horse that has called the people .	would some girls that some child shall watch watch this horse that has called the people ?
some horses who shall sleep have walked .	have some horses who shall sleep walked ?
those boys who are talking were finding some girls who do help those girls .	were those boys who are talking finding some girls who do help those girls ?
the animals that have called some boys were reading .	were the animals that have called some boys reading ?
the person that some person is feeding can play .	can the person that some person is feeding play ?
the horses who can work are talking .	are the horses who can work talking ?
the people that would call this girl have slept .	have the people that would call this girl slept ?
those children who the animals shall watch have talked .	have those children who the animals shall watch talked ?
some baby that the girl shall know has drawn .	has some baby that the girl shall know drawn ?
those horses that some horse would know shall read .	shall those horses that some horse would know read ?
the animal that the horses have watched shall know the horse by some people .	shall the animal that the horses have watched know the horse by some people ?
some girl who was siting has called those babies .	has some girl who was siting called those babies ?
some animals that can help those people did read .	did some animals that can help those people read ?
this animal that some animals can reach was knowing this baby behind some child .	was this animal that some animals can reach knowing this baby behind some child ?
this boy who has known those babies can find some child .	can this boy who has known those babies find some child ?
those horses that are feeding those horses have read .	have those horses that are feeding those horses read ?
some person that some horses did feed can know the babies by this boy .	can some person that some horses did feed know the babies by this boy ?
the baby that the babies did find can walk .	can the baby that the babies did find walk ?
some children that the animal has watched shall know some people .	shall some children that the animal has watched know some people ?
some child who was reaching the baby is falling .	is some child who was reaching the baby falling ?
the girl that those girls have seen does see this horse .	does the girl that those girls have seen see this horse ?
those babies who some boy did reach have slept .	have those babies who some boy did reach slept ?
the horse who the boy is calling can find the girls that the boy is watching .	can the horse who the boy is calling find the girls that the boy is watching ?
this girl that has fallen is walking .	is this girl that has fallen walking ?
some boys who are helping some animals have fed the babies behind some person .	have some boys who are helping some animals fed the babies behind some person ?
the children who shall watch some horses were walking .	were the children who shall watch some horses walking ?
some children who have visited some people are feeding the boy .	are some children who have visited some people feeding the boy ?
the boy who the children did pick shall work .	shall the boy who the children did pick work ?
this horse that is drawing does draw .	does this horse that is drawing draw ?
some baby that was calling the babies would fall .	would some baby that was calling the babies fall ?
the girl who the animals would reach has played .	has the girl who the animals would reach played ?
those girls who shall see some babies were sleeping .	were those girls who shall see some babies sleeping ?
the boys that were working have fallen .	have the boys that were working fallen ?
the boy who shall call some children does help some child behind those children .	does the boy who shall call some children help some child behind those children ?
some girls that some child has helped have called some boys that have tried .	have some girls that some child has helped called some boys that have tried ?
this girl that has watched some boy can know this boy .	can this girl that has watched some boy know this boy ?
some horse that some animal has known is talking .	is some horse that some animal has known talking ?
some horse that some horses did find is working .	is some horse that some horses did find working ?
the children who have helped some girl did see the children by some horses .	did the children who have helped some girl see the children by some horses ?
some girls that have read were sleeping .	were some girls that have read sleeping ?
the horses who some child has visited have known some boys .	have the horses who some child has visited known some boys ?
the girls that the horses are feeding do read .	do the girls that the horses are feeding read ?
the boy who shall visit the boy has picked the girls that shall reach some girls .	has the boy who shall visit the boy picked the girls that shall reach some girls ?
those people who the person would help have worked .	have those people who the person would help worked ?
some child who did sit has fed some children who some horses are picking .	has some child who did sit fed some children who some horses are picking ?
the horse who was siting is falling .	is the horse who was siting falling ?
some animals who some children have watched were feeding some horses who shall walk .	were some animals who some children have watched feeding some horses who shall walk ?
some horses that some children can feed shall watch the animal who was finding the horses .	shall some horses that some children can feed watch the animal who was finding the horses ?
the boy that is helping those girls has fallen .	has the boy that is helping those girls fallen ?
the girl who can find the people did visit the girls that are finding this animal .	did the girl who can find the people visit the girls that are finding this animal ?
the baby that those people were helping shall pick the horses behind the people .	shall the baby that those people were helping pick the horses behind the people ?
some children that the horses shall reach have picked some babies .	have some children that the horses shall reach picked some babies ?
the children that those babies are picking do talk .	do the children that those babies are picking talk ?
some child who those girls do feed can pick this baby that has worked .	can some child who those girls do feed pick this baby that has worked ?
those boys that some girl is calling shall help some animal .	shall those boys that some girl is calling help some animal ?
some girls that those people were picking have drawn .	have some girls that those people were picking drawn ?
those animals who are falling were drawing .	were those animals who are falling drawing ?
those children that some boy has fed can fall .	can those children that some boy has fed fall ?
this boy that some person has seen did help the girl .	did this boy that some person has seen help the girl ?
the horse that does find this girl has called some people by some people .	has the horse that does find this girl called some people by some people ?
this boy that was siting has reached those boys by this baby .	has this boy that was siting reached those boys by this baby ?
some babies that are knowing some person can feed some boy by the animals .	can some babies that are knowing some person feed some boy by the animals ?
the boy that can know those babies is sleeping .	is the boy that can know those babies sleeping ?
the boy that has played shall sleep .	shall the boy that has played sleep ?
the people that the people would call have visited the person by this person .	have the people that the people would call visited the person by this person ?
some people that the person is feeding did help those babies .	did some people that the person is feeding help those babies ?
the boy who the horses have found is watching some girl who did call those animals .	is the boy who the horses have found watching some girl who did call those animals ?
some boy who this baby would know shall know the girl .	shall some boy who this baby would know know the girl ?
the babies who did try were finding some animals .	were the babies who did try finding some animals ?
this baby who does pick the boys was watching some girl .	was this baby who does pick the boys watching some girl ?
this horse that the horses have picked was knowing the children behind the boy .	was this horse that the horses have picked knowing the children behind the boy ?
some baby who did watch some child is drawing .	is some baby who did watch some child drawing ?
some people that the people did see are calling the boys .	are some people that the people did see calling the boys ?
those animals that have seen the child shall watch some children by this animal .	shall those animals that have seen the child watch some children by this animal ?
some children who have worked can feed some baby who those children did reach .	can some children who have worked feed some baby who those children did reach ?
this girl who the people have known is sleeping .	is this girl who the people have known sleeping ?
those horses that have tried can visit those horses behind some girls .	can those horses that have tried visit those horses behind some girls ?
this baby that would talk has talked .	has this baby that would talk talked ?
some children who can reach some horses shall sleep .	shall some children who can reach some horses sleep ?
those girls who are seeing the child have read .	have those girls who are seeing the child read ?
the babies that do visit the animals were finding the children behind the girl .	were the babies that do visit the animals finding the children behind the girl ?
the child who can find the horse was talking .	was the child who can find the horse talking ?
some girl who can call the girl does call some horses that some children have seen .	does some girl who can call the girl call some horses that some children have seen ?
some boy who some people have picked has called some babies behind the babies .	has some boy who some people have picked called some babies behind the babies ?
some animals who the baby has visited were seeing the girls .	were some animals who the baby has visited seeing the girls ?
the baby who is sleeping shall feed some horse .	shall the baby who is sleeping feed some horse ?
those girls who some animals can pick were falling .	were those girls who some animals can pick falling ?
some girl who some children have watched shall sit .	shall some girl who some children have watched sit ?
some horse who was feeding this baby has found those boys that have read .	has some horse who was feeding this baby found those boys that have read ?
some horse who would help those boys has talked .	has some horse who would help those boys talked ?
the girls who do fall have fallen .	have the girls who do fall fallen ?
this baby that did watch this child is siting .	is this baby that did watch this child siting ?
some babies who were falling would call some girls behind those horses .	would some babies who were falling call some girls behind those horses ?
this person that this baby has called was feeding those animals who the children would call .	was this person that this baby has called feeding those animals who the children would call ?
this baby that the children have fed can call some baby by the horses .	can this baby that the children have fed call some baby by the horses ?
this girl that the boys have known does fall .	does this girl that the boys have known fall ?
those boys who have fallen shall read .	shall those boys who have fallen read ?
this horse that does read did sleep .	did this horse that does read sleep ?
the boy that the girls have known has fed some animal by some horses .	has the boy that the girls have known fed some animal by some horses ?
the animals who have sat are finding some baby by the horse .	are the animals who have sat finding some baby by the horse ?
the children that can read were walking .	were the children that can read walking ?
some people that have called the girl were working .	were some people that have called the girl working ?
this baby who this girl has helped is walking .	is this baby who this girl has helped walking ?
the horses who did find the boy were drawing .	were the horses who did find the boy drawing ?
the animal who some girls do know has fallen .	has the animal who some girls do know fallen ?
those boys that can visit those children have helped this horse behind the baby .	have those boys that can visit those children helped this horse behind the baby ?
some boy who was trying is knowing those people by the horse .	is some boy who was trying knowing those people by the horse ?
some child that has watched this baby is helping some animals .	is some child that has watched this baby helping some animals ?
the child that has called the boy is visiting those horses .	is the child that has called the boy visiting those horses ?
the horse who is talking has drawn .	has the horse who is talking drawn ?
some girl that this person has picked would watch this child .	would some girl that this person has picked watch this child ?
some horse that has drawn shall try .	shall some horse that has drawn try ?
some children who have known the person shall sleep .	shall some children who have known the person sleep ?
some babies who were helping some person did find the horse behind some child .	did some babies who were helping some person find the horse behind some child ?
some horses who those babies shall call can reach the horses who are falling .	can some horses who those babies shall call reach the horses who are falling ?
those horses who those horses have helped do reach the child behind the children .	do those horses who those horses have helped reach the child behind the children ?
some children who the babies have fed are falling .	are some children who the babies have fed falling ?
the baby who has helped those animals is reading .	is the baby who has helped those animals reading ?
some horses that some boy does visit would read .	would some horses that some boy does visit read ?
the babies that the child has picked have called some boys behind some children .	have the babies that the child has picked called some boys behind some children ?
the child who shall know those horses was sleeping .	was the child who shall know those horses sleeping ?
some boy who is feeding some horse did find some animal .	did some boy who is feeding some horse find some animal ?
this child who the babies did find is siting .	is this child who the babies did find siting ?
the babies that some horse can find have read .	have the babies that some horse can find read ?
this boy that this baby can feed would talk .	would this boy that this baby can feed talk ?
the child that was finding this boy has picked some girls behind some horse .	has the child that was finding this boy picked some girls behind some horse ?
this child who would help this horse is trying .	is this child who would help this horse trying ?
some horse who this child is visiting does reach the people .	does some horse who this child is visiting reach the people ?
those animals who would call the boy were watching those horses behind the children .	were those animals who would call the boy watching those horses behind the children ?
those boys who this child is knowing are falling .	are those boys who this child is knowing falling ?
this person that the horses would watch did help those animals behind some horses .	did this person that the horses would watch help those animals behind some horses ?
some horse who did read is drawing .	is some horse who did read drawing ?
those babies who can find the girl were seeing this boy by some boy .	were those babies who can find the girl seeing this boy by some boy ?
the girl that the child would see does draw .	does the girl that the child would see draw ?
the child who some baby has reached is finding those children behind this horse .	is the child who some baby has reached finding those children behind this horse ?
some boys who did pick those babies have played .	have some boys who did pick those babies played ?
some girl who is drawing does draw .	does some girl who is drawing draw ?
some girl that is picking some children does talk .	does some girl that is picking some children talk ?
the horses who have drawn would call the animal by those children .	would the horses who have drawn call the animal by those children ?
the person who has reached the children did walk .	did the person who has reached the children walk ?
some babies who this boy can pick would help those babies behind some babies .	would some babies who this boy can pick help those babies behind some babies ?
the girls that those children are watching do find this animal who was finding some children .	do the girls that those children are watching find this animal who was finding some children ?
some babies who did pick some girls would try .	would some babies who did pick some girls try ?
some horse who is feeding this child was walking .	was some horse who is feeding this child walking ?
this baby who was reaching those children has slept .	has this baby who was reaching those children slept ?
the horses who were walking shall walk .	shall the horses who were walking walk ?
those children that were visiting the babies are finding the babies who have fallen .	are those children that were visiting the babies finding the babies who have fallen ?
the animals that were helping some people have fallen .	have the animals that were helping some people fallen ?
the child that some babies have known can sleep .	can the child that some babies have known sleep ?
this person that is picking some child has reached those children by the girl .	has this person that is picking some child reached those children by the girl ?
this animal that is falling has known the animals by this child .	has this animal that is falling known the animals by this child ?
this boy who has fallen would talk .	would this boy who has fallen talk ?
the horses who would call those animals are talking .	are the horses who would call those animals talking ?
some girls who the animal shall visit did draw .	did some girls who the animal shall visit draw ?
the horses who the boys were feeding are calling those boys by this child .	are the horses who the boys were feeding calling those boys by this child ?
some animals that shall talk were helping some animal .	were some animals that shall talk helping some animal ?
this girl who did feed those animals shall draw .	shall this girl who did feed those animals draw ?
those boys that are sleeping would reach the boys behind some babies .	would those boys that are sleeping reach the boys behind some babies ?
some animal that was knowing some children shall see the person .	shall some animal that was knowing some children see the person ?
this baby who was seeing some girl would fall .	would this baby who was seeing some girl fall ?
some animals that are working would know some child behind the horses .	would some animals that are working know some child behind the horses ?
some horse who the child did know does fall .	does some horse who the child did know fall ?
those animals that would know the horse can talk .	can those animals that would know the horse talk ?
some person that has reached some animals can sit .	can some person that has reached some animals sit ?
some boy that can pick some person was helping some person by some animals .	was some boy that can pick some person helping some person by some animals ?
some horses that did help some person shall call the people behind some people .	shall some horses that did help some person call the people behind some people ?
some boys that would find some baby are watching some person behind the animal .	are some boys that would find some baby watching some person behind the animal ?
this baby that does fall is siting .	is this baby that does fall siting ?
this girl who the horse is helping shall talk .	shall this girl who the horse is helping talk ?
the horse who does fall has read .	has the horse who does fall read ?
the child who some animal can reach has helped the girls who have found the girl .	has the child who some animal can reach helped the girls who have found the girl ?
the people that did help the child have talked .	have the people that did help the child talked ?
the babies that have reached this baby are trying .	are the babies that have reached this baby trying ?
the children who some boy was knowing were knowing some boys .	were the children who some boy was knowing knowing some boys ?
the child who has called some horse is sleeping .	is the child who has called some horse sleeping ?
this person that was calling some people is reaching the children behind the person .	is this person that was calling some people reaching the children behind the person ?
some animals who this horse was seeing have visited those children .	have some animals who this horse was seeing visited those children ?
some boy that was reading can call some baby .	can some boy that was reading call some baby ?
some boys that the boys do find are helping this baby behind some girl .	are some boys that the boys do find helping this baby behind some girl ?
the horses who would know those girls have helped some animal behind this child .	have the horses who would know those girls helped some animal behind this child ?
those horses that the girl would see are walking .	are those horses that the girl would see walking ?
the girls who can help those people shall draw .	shall the girls who can help those people draw ?
some animal that is playing did sit .	did some animal that is playing sit ?
the people that some girl shall see have walked .	have the people that some girl shall see walked ?
some babies who can reach some baby would work .	would some babies who can reach some baby work ?
those girls who some person does help have slept .	have those girls who some person does help slept ?
the baby that is feeding this animal shall watch those children .	shall the baby that is feeding this animal watch those children ?
some person who was seeing the animals did call this girl who the children would see .	did some person who was seeing the animals call this girl who the children would see ?
the baby who has fed the boy was trying .	was the baby who has fed the boy trying ?
the person that some boys have fed would fall .	would the person that some boys have fed fall ?
the horses that the child does know would walk .	would the horses that the child does know walk ?
the girl that this baby was calling shall know some animals by some babies .	shall the girl that this baby was calling know some animals by some babies ?
some animals who have fed the horse were reading .	were some animals who have fed the horse reading ?
those boys that the people did visit have slept .	have those boys that the people did visit slept ?
some person that would reach the boy was finding those people that some child would watch .	was some person that would reach the boy finding those people that some child would watch ?
some boys that did fall were reaching the child .	were some boys that did fall reaching the child ?
the horse who has watched some people is sleeping .	is the horse who has watched some people sleeping ?
some horses that this person shall feed were working .	were some horses that this person shall feed working ?
this horse who can see the person is seeing some child behind some boy .	is this horse who can see the person seeing some child behind some boy ?
some boy that does reach the animals did feed some girl behind the animal .	did some boy that does reach the animals feed some girl behind the animal ?
the horses who were seeing some boy have fed some boys by some boys .	have the horses who were seeing some boy fed some boys by some boys ?
some animals who did try were helping this baby by the person .	were some animals who did try helping this baby by the person ?
this animal that some animal was finding does see this boy behind this horse .	does this animal that some animal was finding see this boy behind this horse ?
this girl who is seeing the child does play .	does this girl who is seeing the child play ?
the boy who some horse does help is seeing some children behind some horse .	is the boy who some horse does help seeing some children behind some horse ?
those girls who shall fall have tried .	have those girls who shall fall tried ?
some boys that this horse is finding would play .	would some boys that this horse is finding play ?
some boy that was knowing those babies has helped some girl .	has some boy that was knowing those babies helped some girl ?
this boy who did fall has talked .	has this boy who did fall talked ?
this boy that the horses were visiting was picking the horse by some girls .	was this boy that the horses were visiting picking the horse by some girls ?
this baby that can walk has found some animal .	has this baby that can walk found some animal ?
this child that was reaching those girls did find the animals .	did this child that was reaching those girls find the animals ?
those boys who this girl has helped did see this animal .	did those boys who this girl has helped see this animal ?
those children that have reached the horses were walking .	were those children that have reached the horses walking ?
the horses who have helped some children would play .	would the horses who have helped some children play ?
some animal who has picked some person is trying .	is some animal who has picked some person trying ?
some babies that some baby has called did read .	did some babies that some baby has called read ?
some baby that the animal is helping was working .	was some baby that the animal is helping working ?
those girls that would walk did talk .	did those girls that would walk talk ?
those children that some baby has visited have talked .	have those children that some baby has visited talked ?
the baby who has helped the horses would find some boy behind those horses .	would the baby who has helped the horses find some boy behind those horses ?
the animal that has helped this animal does know this boy .	does the animal that has helped this animal know this boy ?
those babies who some person shall know do watch the horses by some child .	do those babies who some person shall know watch the horses by some child ?
some baby that is reaching the babies shall read .	shall some baby that is reaching the babies read ?
some boys who this baby has watched do draw .	do some boys who this baby has watched draw ?
this girl that some boys have found shall find the girl that this boy shall pick .	shall this girl that some boys have found find the girl that this boy shall pick ?
this animal that has picked those animals does work .	does this animal that has picked those animals work ?
the people who those people can find do draw .	do the people who those people can find draw ?
the child that this girl would feed has walked .	has the child that this girl would feed walked ?
those children that do talk were knowing this animal who was visiting the babies .	were those children that do talk knowing this animal who was visiting the babies ?
this horse who would work shall call some girl who did call some animals .	shall this horse who would work call some girl who did call some animals ?
the babies who would fall can call some person by some baby .	can the babies who would fall call some person by some baby ?
this animal who can visit the boys has worked .	has this animal who can visit the boys worked ?
the children that are seeing this horse have fed the child .	have the children that are seeing this horse fed the child ?
the girls who are sleeping did draw .	did the girls who are sleeping draw ?
the person who has tried shall sleep .	shall the person who has tried sleep ?
some boys that have helped those animals do sleep .	do some boys that have helped those animals sleep ?
this child that does play was working .	was this child that does play working ?
those horses who those people shall reach have known the girls who have reached this baby .	have those horses who those people shall reach known the girls who have reached this baby ?
those babies who were drawing shall draw .	shall those babies who were drawing draw ?
some child who has seen some person does reach the children behind some horses .	does some child who has seen some person reach the children behind some horses ?
the person that shall talk is seeing some horse behind those horses .	is the person that shall talk seeing some horse behind those horses ?
the horse that some people have watched was seeing some children behind some boy .	was the horse that some people have watched seeing some children behind some boy ?
some girl who has sat shall help some babies that some baby is calling .	shall some girl who has sat help some babies that some baby is calling ?
some baby who some child was visiting is siting .	is some baby who some child was visiting siting ?
the person that the animals would find shall work .	shall the person that the animals would find work ?
the baby who can feed some animals was playing .	was the baby who can feed some animals playing ?
the animals that the baby shall watch have fallen .	have the animals that the baby shall watch fallen ?
the person who can reach some child has picked this baby that the babies have visited .	has the person who can reach some child picked this baby that the babies have visited ?
the baby who this girl shall see can read .	can the baby who this girl shall see read ?
some people who some horses shall find have read .	have some people who some horses shall find read ?
some horses that this boy is calling have known those animals .	have some horses that this boy is calling known those animals ?
this horse that can pick some horse did sit .	did this horse that can pick some horse sit ?
some horse that some children would call has sat .	has some horse that some children would call sat ?
those horses who do find some boys shall talk .	shall those horses who do find some boys talk ?
the babies that the animal has visited have walked .	have the babies that the animal has visited walked ?
some girls that some people have seen do try .	do some girls that some people have seen try ?
the animal that the people are finding has sat .	has the animal that the people are finding sat ?
some babies that do draw shall watch the horses that do sit .	shall some babies that do draw watch the horses that do sit ?
some people that have visited those girls are playing .	are some people that have visited those girls playing ?
the horse that those babies have known is siting .	is the horse that those babies have known siting ?
some boy who has helped the animals is visiting those horses that some animals have found .	is some boy who has helped the animals visiting those horses that some animals have found ?
this animal who did walk is watching some boys who were helping the child .	is this animal who did walk watching some boys who were helping the child ?
the boys that shall see the babies are sleeping .	are the boys that shall see the babies sleeping ?
the animal who was helping some boys has read .	has the animal who was helping some boys read ?
some girls that those girls were calling are feeding some people .	are some girls that those girls were calling feeding some people ?
the animals who are seeing this child were picking the boys .	were the animals who are seeing this child picking the boys ?
the people that some person has seen have talked .	have the people that some person has seen talked ?
the girl that is seeing this girl was working .	was the girl that is seeing this girl working ?
some horses who have watched some girls do find some horses behind some boy .	do some horses who have watched some girls find some horses behind some boy ?
those people that the boy can feed have walked .	have those people that the boy can feed walked ?
the animals that the girls are finding have read .	have the animals that the girls are finding read ?
some horse that has called some boy was finding some horses .	was some horse that has called some boy finding some horses ?
the boy who is watching some boy did call the children behind those people .	did the boy who is watching some boy call the children behind those people ?
the boy who did sleep was sleeping .	was the boy who did sleep sleeping ?
the animal who is watching this boy has tried .	has the animal who is watching this boy tried ?
the baby who some girls can reach is playing .	is the baby who some girls can reach playing ?
some baby that is helping some animal has reached the girl behind this boy .	has some baby that is helping some animal reached the girl behind this boy ?
the boys that some baby does see were sleeping .	were the boys that some baby does see sleeping ?
some children who some boy can pick are finding those people that shall feed the animals .	are some children who some boy can pick finding those people that shall feed the animals ?
some horse who is finding the baby would sit .	would some horse who is finding the baby sit ?
those horses who would feed the boy did find those children .	did those horses who would feed the boy find those children ?
some boy that was finding this girl has played .	has some boy that was finding this girl played ?
some animal that did know some girl can feed those children .	can some animal that did know some girl feed those children ?
those boys that the animal shall help have worked .	have those boys that the animal shall help worked ?
the person who would find the child did sleep .	did the person who would find the child sleep ?
those children that are seeing the animal have called this boy .	have those children that are seeing the animal called this boy ?
this horse that has found those horses was feeding some animals who have seen some horse .	was this horse that has found those horses feeding some animals who have seen some horse ?
some animal that would visit the girls does feed the children who are knowing some people .	does some animal that would visit the girls feed the children who are knowing some people ?
some boy who has picked this horse does call the person that the girl shall watch .	does some boy who has picked this horse call the person that the girl shall watch ?
some horses that are talking were talking .	were some horses that are talking talking ?
the child who this child shall visit has sat .	has the child who this child shall visit sat ?
some boy who has found some boys shall reach some boy behind the girl .	shall some boy who has found some boys reach some boy behind the girl ?
the people that have visited the children are picking this baby behind some animal .	are the people that have visited the children picking this baby behind some animal ?
some baby who was seeing some children is talking .	is some baby who was seeing some children talking ?
some girls who shall draw were working .	were some girls who shall draw working ?
some boy that is visiting some animal has seen some child by the boys .	has some boy that is visiting some animal seen some child by the boys ?
those babies that some horses do watch have watched some girls by this baby .	have those babies that some horses do watch watched some girls by this baby ?
some babies that were walking did see those animals behind some boy .	did some babies that were walking see those animals behind some boy ?
those babies who shall watch some boy have known those horses behind those horses .	have those babies who shall watch some boy known those horses behind those horses ?
some person who the baby has found was picking some people behind those horses .	was some person who the baby has found picking some people behind those horses ?
some boys who some girl did watch have fallen .	have some boys who some girl did watch fallen ?
those babies that the girls are feeding have watched the animal behind the horses .	have those babies that the girls are feeding watched the animal behind the horses ?
the boys who some boy has reached shall walk .	shall the boys who some boy has reached walk ?
some animal who the horse is watching did watch this girl .	did some animal who the horse is watching watch this girl ?
the boys who the boys did pick are playing .	are the boys who the boys did pick playing ?
some children who were visiting some horses do feed some baby behind the children .	do some children who were visiting some horses feed some baby behind the children ?
those boys who do call the boy did visit this boy .	did those boys who do call the boy visit this boy ?
some baby who has known the boy does help some person by those horses .	does some baby who has known the boy help some person by those horses ?
some boy that this child has picked would sit .	would some boy that this child has picked sit ?
the horse that shall work has tried .	has the horse that shall work tried ?
some boy that some child is knowing does see this baby that some boy has helped .	does some boy that some child is knowing see this baby that some boy has helped ?
this horse who can call this person was reaching this girl by the baby .	was this horse who can call this person reaching this girl by the baby ?
some horses that some girl is feeding shall read .	shall some horses that some girl is feeding read ?
some boy that has found some babies was drawing .	was some boy that has found some babies drawing ?
some boy who those boys do visit was visiting this horse that has fed those babies .	was some boy who those boys do visit visiting this horse that has fed those babies ?
the girl who some child has watched did visit the girls that have drawn .	did the girl who some child has watched visit the girls that have drawn ?
some boy who was helping the people did see some baby that would help those people .	did some boy who was helping the people see some baby that would help those people ?
the horse that some babies are calling is knowing some girl behind this horse .	is the horse that some babies are calling knowing some girl behind this horse ?
some babies who were drawing can draw .	can some babies who were drawing draw ?
the horse who is reaching the horses has visited the baby by those people .	has the horse who is reaching the horses visited the baby by those people ?
some animal that the horse is picking does call some horse behind the person .	does some animal that the horse is picking call some horse behind the person ?
this child that the boys shall visit has played .	has this child that the boys shall visit played ?
this child that this boy has known was falling .	was this child that this boy has known falling ?
those children that are picking some baby were walking .	were those children that are picking some baby walking ?
some girl who has fallen is sleeping .	is some girl who has fallen sleeping ?
some boy that some boys have seen has worked .	has some boy that some boys have seen worked ?
the person who was walking can fall .	can the person who was walking fall ?
the person who can draw is playing .	is the person who can draw playing ?
this baby that can help those people has picked this girl that has found the horse .	has this baby that can help those people picked this girl that has found the horse ?
those babies who this horse has called have slept .	have those babies who this horse has called slept ?
the animal who some child can help did talk .	did the animal who some child can help talk ?
this boy who this horse does call can play .	can this boy who this horse does call play ?
the baby who would know the child has tried .	has the baby who would know the child tried ?
the boys that this boy was knowing are seeing some horses behind the horse .	are the boys that this boy was knowing seeing some horses behind the horse ?
those boys that the horses do call can help the people .	can those boys that the horses do call help the people ?
this baby that is visiting those horses shall find some girl by some animals .	shall this baby that is visiting those horses find some girl by some animals ?
this person who shall feed some children would watch the babies who can see those children .	would this person who shall feed some children watch the babies who can see those children ?
some baby that has found some girl shall sit .	shall some baby that has found some girl sit ?
this boy that has fed the people does feed the animals .	does this boy that has fed the people feed the animals ?
some boy who the people can see is picking this girl who is visiting those girls .	is some boy who the people can see picking this girl who is visiting those girls ?
the babies who have found some boy are finding the horses .	are the babies who have found some boy finding the horses ?
those people that were feeding those animals have tried .	have those people that were feeding those animals tried ?
the animals who the animal has fed shall know this animal by those boys .	shall the animals who the animal has fed know this animal by those boys ?
some children that were siting would call the person .	would some children that were siting call the person ?
this child that does see some person is picking those people who were picking the horse .	is this child that does see some person picking those people who were picking the horse ?
some animal that some horse has fed is walking .	is some animal that some horse has fed walking ?
the baby that this girl would find was seeing some girls that were knowing some boy .	was the baby that this girl would find seeing some girls that were knowing some boy ?
the animal that some girls shall know did draw .	did the animal that some girls shall know draw ?
the horse who some horses were calling would pick some animal .	would the horse who some horses were calling pick some animal ?
this boy that does call the horse is visiting some person .	is this boy that does call the horse visiting some person ?
the animals that some girls have known were talking .	were the animals that some girls have known talking ?
the animals who some people can help have watched some horse by the people .	have the animals who some people can help watched some horse by the people ?
some children that the horses would know are reaching some animals who do find the people .	are some children that the horses would know reaching some animals who do find the people ?
some animals who the child would watch have called the babies .	have some animals who the child would watch called the babies ?
this person that can walk is falling .	is this person that can walk falling ?
the boys who some babies have fed shall call those animals by some baby .	shall the boys who some babies have fed call those animals by some baby ?
the girl who the baby is visiting shall know some boy .	shall the girl who the baby is visiting know some boy ?
those people that have reached the baby do walk .	do those people that have reached the baby walk ?
the babies who are playing did know this horse behind those horses .	did the babies who are playing know this horse behind those horses ?
the horses who were knowing the baby would call the girl .	would the horses who were knowing the baby call the girl ?
those babies that some animals do find can call those horses by this animal .	can those babies that some animals do find call those horses by this animal ?
some babies that have watched those people would feed some girls by some girls .	would some babies that have watched those people feed some girls by some girls ?
the girl who those babies are reaching has helped the child who the girls have called .	has the girl who those babies are reaching helped the child who the girls have called ?
the people who are watching this boy have drawn .	have the people who are watching this boy drawn ?
the children who were reaching some babies have fallen .	have the children who were reaching some babies fallen ?
some animal that the baby does know has helped the boy behind this baby .	has some animal that the baby does know helped the boy behind this baby ?
the babies that have fed this child are playing .	are the babies that have fed this child playing ?
those horses who shall work have talked .	have those horses who shall work talked ?
some children who have fed some girls would visit the animals behind this boy .	would some children who have fed some girls visit the animals behind this boy ?
those people who some animals have seen were playing .	were those people who some animals have seen playing ?
the people who some baby has visited are knowing the animals by those boys .	are the people who some baby has visited knowing the animals by those boys ?
this animal who the horses were seeing was reaching the baby .	was this animal who the horses were seeing reaching the baby ?
this horse that some people have called has helped this girl behind the girl .	has this horse that some people have called helped this girl behind the girl ?
the child that does fall is feeding this baby .	is the child that does fall feeding this baby ?
this baby who can visit the animals was knowing the girls behind some horse .	was this baby who can visit the animals knowing the girls behind some horse ?
the person that the people are picking does walk .	does the person that the people are picking walk ?
those people who some baby does call have picked those animals by the child .	have those people who some baby does call picked those animals by the child ?
this girl that some boys do help shall visit some animal .	shall this girl that some boys do help visit some animal ?
the girl who is helping those horses does feed those animals by some people .	does the girl who is helping those horses feed those animals by some people ?
the boys that were helping the child have slept .	have the boys that were helping the child slept ?
those girls who are reaching the girl can talk .	can those girls who are reaching the girl talk ?
those animals who can play have tried .	have those animals who can play tried ?
the baby who those girls have known is picking the person behind some horses .	is the baby who those girls have known picking the person behind some horses ?
those babies who were working have seen some boys behind the girls .	have those babies who were working seen some boys behind the girls ?
the girl that was trying has walked .	has the girl that was trying walked ?
some baby who does read was talking .	was some baby who does read talking ?
those animals that were picking the children have worked .	have those animals that were picking the children worked ?
some boys who some animals are picking did help the horse .	did some boys who some animals are picking help the horse ?
this girl that shall try has picked those girls that the horses shall pick .	has this girl that shall try picked those girls that the horses shall pick ?
some people who some animal does see have fed some children behind this person .	have some people who some animal does see fed some children behind this person ?
this animal who the boys have helped can draw .	can this animal who the boys have helped draw ?
some baby that does reach the children would pick the horses that the boy was picking .	would some baby that does reach the children pick the horses that the boy was picking ?
those girls who were working shall watch some horse who some child was feeding .	shall those girls who were working watch some horse who some child was feeding ?
some babies that the girls have reached shall walk .	shall some babies that the girls have reached walk ?
this animal that has called those horses shall reach the horses behind the boy .	shall this animal that has called those horses reach the horses behind the boy ?
some baby who those children shall watch was reading .	was some baby who those children shall watch reading ?
the babies who some girls are feeding shall try .	shall the babies who some girls are feeding try ?
some animal that some horses have seen has read .	has some animal that some horses have seen read ?
the horses that some horse is feeding have known some child by some people .	have the horses that some horse is feeding known some child by some people ?
this baby that some child can pick was talking .	was this baby that some child can pick talking ?
the babies that the baby would feed are helping this boy that was knowing the child .	are the babies that the baby would feed helping this boy that was knowing the child ?
some animal that was drawing is helping the girl .	is some animal that was drawing helping the girl ?
those boys that are knowing this horse have fed those horses .	have those boys that are knowing this horse fed those horses ?
the person that would watch some boys has picked this child .	has the person that would watch some boys picked this child ?
the girl that some babies have reached does sit .	does the girl that some babies have reached sit ?
this baby that would walk did play .	did this baby that would walk play ?
the horse that does reach this baby is falling .	is the horse that does reach this baby falling ?
this baby that is trying would help the baby behind this baby .	would this baby that is trying help the baby behind this baby ?
some girl that did sit can know this person .	can some girl that did sit know this person ?
some horses who the child would feed were walking .	were some horses who the child would feed walking ?
those people that the child did watch were picking the children by this girl .	were those people that the child did watch picking the children by this girl ?
the boys who have fallen can draw .	can the boys who have fallen draw ?
the people that would call those babies have found the boys .	have the people that would call those babies found the boys ?
those children that those babies are feeding have helped this horse who shall visit this baby .	have those children that those babies are feeding helped this horse who shall visit this baby ?
this child who did watch this girl has reached some animals behind the girl .	has this child who did watch this girl reached some animals behind the girl ?
some horses who are trying did play .	did some horses who are trying play ?
this girl who can reach some child does watch some horse .	does this girl who can reach some child watch some horse ?
this child that shall try would call some baby .	would this child that shall try call some baby ?
some girl who has known this boy is seeing some babies by those people .	is some girl who has known this boy seeing some babies by those people ?
the horse that would help this child has picked some baby by the boy .	has the horse that would help this child picked some baby by the boy ?
the babies who can fall were feeding the children behind the children .	were the babies who can fall feeding the children behind the children ?
the people who were watching some boy are visiting the boy .	are the people who were watching some boy visiting the boy ?
the girls that those babies have called did see those horses behind the boys .	did the girls that those babies have called see those horses behind the boys ?
the boy who has fallen would read .	would the boy who has fallen read ?
the animal who is finding this baby shall see the horse by the animal .	shall the animal who is finding this baby see the horse by the animal ?
the animals who some child has known were helping the person behind some boy .	were the animals who some child has known helping the person behind some boy ?
those people who have sat are calling the boy by the person .	are those people who have sat calling the boy by the person ?
those girls that some baby can visit do know the boys by the people .	do those girls that some baby can visit know the boys by the people ?
some horse that is knowing the animals has played .	has some horse that is knowing the animals played ?
some person that some animals have known was watching this person behind those horses .	was some person that some animals have known watching this person behind those horses ?
the baby who some girls are calling was drawing .	was the baby who some girls are calling drawing ?
this child who did call the child has fallen .	has this child who did call the child fallen ?
the children that were siting do draw .	do the children that were siting draw ?
some animals that have slept were walking .	were some animals that have slept walking ?
the boys who can sleep do help the children that the girls have fed .	do the boys who can sleep help the children that the girls have fed ?
those children who the people have visited shall know those people .	shall those children who the people have visited know those people ?
those horses who do play did visit some girl by some boys .	did those horses who do play visit some girl by some boys ?
those horses who are reaching some babies have reached the girls that do try .	have those horses who are reaching some babies reached the girls that do try ?
this boy that did fall shall read .	shall this boy that did fall read ?
those boys that this horse can find have worked .	have those boys that this horse can find worked ?
those boys who are calling the animal have sat .	have those boys who are calling the animal sat ?
this horse that is walking has visited the girls by some child .	has this horse that is walking visited the girls by some child ?
this child who the person was seeing is calling the child .	is this child who the person was seeing calling the child ?
the horses that are calling some people have watched some horses behind some animals .	have the horses that are calling some people watched some horses behind some animals ?
the boys that the boy does know shall walk .	shall the boys that the boy does know walk ?
this child that shall read has called some child .	has this child that shall read called some child ?
some girls who can pick some boys have talked .	have some girls who can pick some boys talked ?
the boys who are watching those boys were helping the baby .	were the boys who are watching those boys helping the baby ?
some people who shall help some child are working .	are some people who shall help some child working ?
the child that is reaching some girl has fed this baby by this baby .	has the child that is reaching some girl fed this baby by this baby ?
those animals that are finding the girls have tried .	have those animals that are finding the girls tried ?
some horses that this child has found do reach the boys behind the person .	do some horses that this child has found reach the boys behind the person ?
some boy who was picking the boy has called the boy .	has some boy who was picking the boy called the boy ?
the animal that has watched this person does fall .	does the animal that has watched this person fall ?
the boy who some child has seen does sit .	does the boy who some child has seen sit ?
the people who the person has reached have fed some children by those horses .	have the people who the person has reached fed some children by those horses ?
some girls who this child has picked have drawn .	have some girls who this child has picked drawn ?
some people who those children did pick have talked .	have some people who those children did pick talked ?
some horses who the person does help have walked .	have some horses who the person does help walked ?
those babies who the people shall help were feeding those children by the boy .	were those babies who the people shall help feeding those children by the boy ?
those animals that did watch some horse are finding some horse .	are those animals that did watch some horse finding some horse ?
some people that those children were picking are seeing those babies by some horses .	are some people that those children were picking seeing those babies by some horses ?
some people who are knowing the child have visited those babies behind those boys .	have some people who are knowing the child visited those babies behind those boys ?
those children who some girls would feed did know some horses .	did those children who some girls would feed know some horses ?
some girls who have picked the animal shall work .	shall some girls who have picked the animal work ?
the children who would find some people are seeing the girl .	are the children who would find some people seeing the girl ?
some girls who have walked would watch those boys by the girl .	would some girls who have walked watch those boys by the girl ?
those horses who have read would pick this child who has fed those children .	would those horses who have read pick this child who has fed those children ?
some babies that were siting did draw .	did some babies that were siting draw ?
some boys that are playing were seeing the horse behind those horses .	were some boys that are playing seeing the horse behind those horses ?
some animal who the person has helped can walk .	can some animal who the person has helped walk ?
the boys that the children can see do fall .	do the boys that the children can see fall ?
this boy that this boy shall help was helping those children by this boy .	was this boy that this boy shall help helping those children by this boy ?
some animal who does see the people has talked .	has some animal who does see the people talked ?
those children who have worked were reaching some girl .	were those children who have worked reaching some girl ?
this horse who can feed this animal has walked .	has this horse who can feed this animal walked ?
some baby who was calling those horses has played .	has some baby who was calling those horses played ?
this girl that the boys were picking is finding the boys behind those babies .	is this girl that the boys were picking finding the boys behind those babies ?
the animal that is working does feed the babies .	does the animal that is working feed the babies ?
those babies that have fed those animals did work .	did those babies that have fed those animals work ?
some children who were picking those girls are picking the baby by the baby .	are some children who were picking those girls picking the baby by the baby ?
the people that some children would feed were watching the child who would visit the baby .	were the people that some children would feed watching the child who would visit the baby ?
this baby that did reach the children has talked .	has this baby that did reach the children talked ?
the animals who some boy is seeing did reach some horse .	did the animals who some boy is seeing reach some horse ?
some child that is knowing those animals was walking .	was some child that is knowing those animals walking ?
some children that the boys are finding were feeding some girls by some babies .	were some children that the boys are finding feeding some girls by some babies ?
this person that did see those girls does sleep .	does this person that did see those girls sleep ?
the girls that would talk have drawn .	have the girls that would talk drawn ?
some horse who was picking the boy has reached some animal .	has some horse who was picking the boy reached some animal ?
the person that is reaching some child has seen some person that this boy is finding .	has the person that is reaching some child seen some person that this boy is finding ?
some baby who was seeing the horse is knowing this child .	is some baby who was seeing the horse knowing this child ?
the horse that some horses would call is playing .	is the horse that some horses would call playing ?
some boy that does visit those children has tried .	has some boy that does visit those children tried ?
the animals that this girl shall call would walk .	would the animals that this girl shall call walk ?
the horses who the horse is watching would draw .	would the horses who the horse is watching draw ?
some girl who some babies have reached did call some people by some girl .	did some girl who some babies have reached call some people by some girl ?
some horses that shall talk can talk .	can some horses that shall talk talk ?
those animals that were watching some girls can visit some baby who can feed some horse .	can those animals that were watching some girls visit some baby who can feed some horse ?
this baby that shall reach those children has worked .	has this baby that shall reach those children worked ?
the boys who this girl has visited did know some children .	did the boys who this girl has visited know some children ?
the animals that are talking would reach some people behind those horses .	would the animals that are talking reach some people behind those horses ?
the animals who shall feed the horses were trying .	were the animals who shall feed the horses trying ?
those girls that did see the person have fallen .	have those girls that did see the person fallen ?
the boys who have reached some horse were finding those horses behind those children .	were the boys who have reached some horse finding those horses behind those children ?
the animal that this animal was visiting has picked the girl by some children .	has the animal that this animal was visiting picked the girl by some children ?
some horse that those animals have reached has fallen .	has some horse that those animals have reached fallen ?
the boys who are seeing some baby shall reach some horses behind some boys .	shall the boys who are seeing some baby reach some horses behind some boys ?
some girls who have picked the animals are drawing .	are some girls who have picked the animals drawing ?
the boys that some boy has seen have reached some babies by the children .	have the boys that some boy has seen reached some babies by the children ?
some babies that the child was visiting were seeing some baby behind the children .	were some babies that the child was visiting seeing some baby behind the children ?
some animals that did draw are reaching the boy behind those people .	are some animals that did draw reaching the boy behind those people ?
some horse that the animals have fed has sat .	has some horse that the animals have fed sat ?
the animals who are knowing the child were finding some babies by the people .	were the animals who are knowing the child finding some babies by the people ?
some boy who some animal can call is talking .	is some boy who some animal can call talking ?
this baby that does help some animals has helped the boys by the animal .	has this baby that does help some animals helped the boys by the animal ?
this person that this animal was knowing has found this child behind this child .	has this person that this animal was knowing found this child behind this child ?
the people that some person shall watch are picking some boys behind some children .	are the people that some person shall watch picking some boys behind some children ?
the people that the horses have helped are playing .	are the people that the horses have helped playing ?
some animal who the horse was reaching has fallen .	has some animal who the horse was reaching fallen ?
those children who have called some child are seeing this person .	are those children who have called some child seeing this person ?
the babies that were falling have picked some horses that the boy can pick .	have the babies that were falling picked some horses that the boy can pick ?
some baby who did sleep can sit .	can some baby who did sleep sit ?
the children that do see some boys have found those babies that the children have found .	have the children that do see some boys found those babies that the children have found ?
the people who have found some animal were siting .	were the people who have found some animal siting ?
the animal that some children have found has helped the babies by the boys .	has the animal that some children have found helped the babies by the boys ?
those girls who this baby is feeding are falling .	are those girls who this baby is feeding falling ?
the girls who do see some horses have read .	have the girls who do see some horses read ?
some children that are finding this boy can talk .	can some children that are finding this boy talk ?
those boys who have drawn can see some horse .	can those boys who have drawn see some horse ?
the boys who some children are knowing have sat .	have the boys who some children are knowing sat ?
the horse that can feed some person did walk .	did the horse that can feed some person walk ?
the children who are playing did walk .	did the children who are playing walk ?
the baby that has found some baby is trying .	is the baby that has found some baby trying ?
those girls who the child would help were drawing .	were those girls who the child would help drawing ?
this girl that shall find the animals has visited the boy behind some animal .	has this girl that shall find the animals visited the boy behind some animal ?
some people that have helped the babies were sleeping .	were some people that have helped the babies sleeping ?
this child that does watch the child is talking .	is this child that does watch the child talking ?
some animals who some boy is picking are walking .	are some animals who some boy is picking walking ?
some babies that would find some girl do talk .	do some babies that would find some girl talk ?
this baby who those children were visiting was knowing this horse .	was this baby who those children were visiting knowing this horse ?
the children that some babies have watched can work .	can the children that some babies have watched work ?
some horses who have slept were sleeping .	were some horses who have slept sleeping ?
some girls who are knowing the child would walk .	would some girls who are knowing the child walk ?
some children who this girl shall pick are seeing some babies behind the babies .	are some children who this girl shall pick seeing some babies behind the babies ?
the horses who those boys shall find did work .	did the horses who those boys shall find work ?
those people who the babies have known can work .	can those people who the babies have known work ?
this girl that the girls are picking was talking .	was this girl that the girls are picking talking ?
the child who the person is watching has drawn .	has the child who the person is watching drawn ?
some animals that the baby has fed are reaching this animal by some person .	are some animals that the baby has fed reaching this animal by some person ?
some child that this baby did help was calling the person that has reached the person .	was some child that this baby did help calling the person that has reached the person ?
the animal that is sleeping was siting .	was the animal that is sleeping siting ?
the horse that has walked did sleep .	did the horse that has walked sleep ?
the person who those babies are visiting was calling some animal behind some animal .	was the person who those babies are visiting calling some animal behind some animal ?
the animals that this child would call were seeing the person that this baby has helped .	were the animals that this child would call seeing the person that this baby has helped ?
the horses who some horse has helped have played .	have the horses who some horse has helped played ?
this girl who was sleeping shall walk .	shall this girl who was sleeping walk ?
some animals who have picked those horses were reaching those babies by some children .	were some animals who have picked those horses reaching those babies by some children ?
this boy who this animal was picking did reach some child that this person was knowing .	did this boy who this animal was picking reach some child that this person was knowing ?
the person that was finding this baby is trying .	is the person that was finding this baby trying ?
some babies who the horses have visited are drawing .	are some babies who the horses have visited drawing ?
the animals that some girl has picked have walked .	have the animals that some girl has picked walked ?
the girl that some boy has visited shall sit .	shall the girl that some boy has visited sit ?
this person who has known those girls was playing .	was this person who has known those girls playing ?
those babies who those girls can pick were reading .	were those babies who those girls can pick reading ?
those people that are feeding those people have drawn .	have those people that are feeding those people drawn ?
the horses who the animal was watching shall work .	shall the horses who the animal was watching work ?
some boys that have fed some horse are siting .	are some boys that have fed some horse siting ?
this person that has watched some person can feed those people behind those girls .	can this person that has watched some person feed those people behind those girls ?
the people that have seen some children were watching the horses .	were the people that have seen some children watching the horses ?
this horse who has picked this horse did help this boy behind the child .	did this horse who has picked this horse help this boy behind the child ?
some people who the child has visited have read .	have some people who the child has visited read ?
some horses that are knowing some child would sit .	would some horses that are knowing some child sit ?
the person that was walking would watch the animal .	would the person that was walking watch the animal ?
some animal who the horse was knowing did visit some horses behind the babies .	did some animal who the horse was knowing visit some horses behind the babies ?
some horse who the animals are knowing did pick this child .	did some horse who the animals are knowing pick this child ?
some animal who is finding those people can watch some children behind the boy .	can some animal who is finding those people watch some children behind the boy ?
some children who have helped some baby shall see this baby that shall play .	shall some children who have helped some baby see this baby that shall play ?
this horse who has helped the horses is reading .	is this horse who has helped the horses reading ?
some girls who those animals were visiting have worked .	have some girls who those animals were visiting worked ?
the babies who have called this person were helping this girl behind the horses .	were the babies who have called this person helping this girl behind the horses ?
the babies who some animal would feed were playing .	were the babies who some animal would feed playing ?
the boys that can call those boys have worked .	have the boys that can call those boys worked ?
this girl who the boys would help was knowing this child who has walked .	was this girl who the boys would help knowing this child who has walked ?
the babies that the horses can watch were reading .	were the babies that the horses can watch reading ?
this horse who some baby is feeding has sat .	has this horse who some baby is feeding sat ?
some people who were finding the baby would fall .	would some people who were finding the baby fall ?
the people who the babies were visiting have played .	have the people who the babies were visiting played ?
some babies who were watching some child shall know the boy behind this girl .	shall some babies who were watching some child know the boy behind this girl ?
this baby who did reach this baby is playing .	is this baby who did reach this baby playing ?
some baby that the horse can feed was calling those animals .	was some baby that the horse can feed calling those animals ?
those people that would call some children are siting .	are those people that would call some children siting ?
some boys who some horses have helped are sleeping .	are some boys who some horses have helped sleeping ?
some animal that would visit some girl does fall .	does some animal that would visit some girl fall ?
this boy that has fed some children is reaching this horse who was talking .	is this boy that has fed some children reaching this horse who was talking ?
the babies who shall walk do reach those babies behind the baby .	do the babies who shall walk reach those babies behind the baby ?
some animal that those boys were watching would watch some babies .	would some animal that those boys were watching watch some babies ?
some child who the horses were finding has visited the horse behind the people .	has some child who the horses were finding visited the horse behind the people ?
this baby who can read would help the girls .	would this baby who can read help the girls ?
some people that have slept did talk .	did some people that have slept talk ?
the people that have picked some baby did see some horse who some babies have fed .	did the people that have picked some baby see some horse who some babies have fed ?
some children that did find some animal are helping some animals that have drawn .	are some children that did find some animal helping some animals that have drawn ?
some girls who this boy can help have fallen .	have some girls who this boy can help fallen ?
some babies who the baby has reached were talking .	were some babies who the baby has reached talking ?
the children who those boys are calling can try .	can the children who those boys are calling try ?
some baby that some child has known is reaching this girl by the child .	is some baby that some child has known reaching this girl by the child ?
this horse who some girl would help has watched some animals .	has this horse who some girl would help watched some animals ?
the babies who did see this person are picking the baby .	are the babies who did see this person picking the baby ?
some horses that this person was helping are siting .	are some horses that this person was helping siting ?
some girls that were knowing some horses do know the boy behind the girl .	do some girls that were knowing some horses know the boy behind the girl ?
this person that some girl has fed is working .	is this person that some girl has fed working ?
the girls who the horses are watching did fall .	did the girls who the horses are watching fall ?
the baby that is feeding some boy has known some child behind the girls .	has the baby that is feeding some boy known some child behind the girls ?
the animal who this child can pick has known the girl by some girls .	has the animal who this child can pick known the girl by some girls ?
the boys that were reaching some children are drawing .	are the boys that were reaching some children drawing ?
the boys who do feed those boys were talking .	were the boys who do feed those boys talking ?
those children who are reaching those people were helping those children who some boy was knowing .	were those children who are reaching those people helping those children who some boy was knowing ?
the girl that was falling does talk .	does the girl that was falling talk ?
those boys that some animals have helped are talking .	are those boys that some animals have helped talking ?
this person that would walk did pick some child behind some babies .	did this person that would walk pick some child behind some babies ?
those people that do reach the horse did sit .	did those people that do reach the horse sit ?
the person who did pick some horses is seeing this boy .	is the person who did pick some horses seeing this boy ?
this person that the babies shall call has fallen .	has this person that the babies shall call fallen ?
the animals who some boy is calling can visit some people behind the girls .	can the animals who some boy is calling visit some people behind the girls ?
some boy who can find the children shall talk .	shall some boy who can find the children talk ?
some children who were reaching the horse did draw .	did some children who were reaching the horse draw ?
some girls that those girls are watching were feeding some boys .	were some girls that those girls are watching feeding some boys ?
the babies that are reaching some babies can pick some children behind the children .	can the babies that are reaching some babies pick some children behind the children ?
the person that was picking those girls has played .	has the person that was picking those girls played ?
some boys who do visit those boys have picked some person behind this horse .	have some boys who do visit those boys picked some person behind this horse ?
those boys that those babies are seeing were playing .	were those boys that those babies are seeing playing ?
this boy who is finding some boy has reached the person .	has this boy who is finding some boy reached the person ?
some child that some horses have watched was trying .	was some child that some horses have watched trying ?
some boy that some girls did reach does know the children by those babies .	does some boy that some girls did reach know the children by those babies ?
some boy that the boys have visited was knowing this horse who has helped the horses .	was some boy that the boys have visited knowing this horse who has helped the horses ?
some animal that can pick those animals has called some horses behind the horse .	has some animal that can pick those animals called some horses behind the horse ?
the baby who has picked some boy was trying .	was the baby who has picked some boy trying ?
the child who is sleeping shall know some animals behind some baby .	shall the child who is sleeping know some animals behind some baby ?
the animal that is picking this horse can watch those boys by those animals .	can the animal that is picking this horse watch those boys by those animals ?
the horses that some person has seen have drawn .	have the horses that some person has seen drawn ?
those babies that have seen some girls would visit the boy who was picking the baby .	would those babies that have seen some girls visit the boy who was picking the baby ?
those girls who do work would fall .	would those girls who do work fall ?
the people that were picking some boy do feed some babies behind this animal .	do the people that were picking some boy feed some babies behind this animal ?
those animals that have picked this horse would feed some animals behind some girls .	would those animals that have picked this horse feed some animals behind some girls ?
some person that some animal does watch can sleep .	can some person that some animal does watch sleep ?
some horses that some person has reached have fed this boy .	have some horses that some person has reached fed this boy ?
some animal that did call this person has played .	has some animal that did call this person played ?
those people who the baby has fed were talking .	were those people who the baby has fed talking ?
some animal who those boys did see has seen some person behind this baby .	has some animal who those boys did see seen some person behind this baby ?
the horses who the baby has fed are talking .	are the horses who the baby has fed talking ?
some babies who the boys would visit can help the children that those babies were helping .	can some babies who the boys would visit help the children that those babies were helping ?
the people who have reached some baby shall visit this boy by the person .	shall the people who have reached some baby visit this boy by the person ?
the children that can help those animals have sat .	have the children that can help those animals sat ?
some animals that the girls would help are working .	are some animals that the girls would help working ?
some child that was watching some girls does sit .	does some child that was watching some girls sit ?
the person who did sleep was feeding the animal by some child .	was the person who did sleep feeding the animal by some child ?
some animal that the horse was watching can work .	can some animal that the horse was watching work ?
those animals that the girls were finding do call the person who has reached those animals .	do those animals that the girls were finding call the person who has reached those animals ?
the child who those animals are calling was drawing .	was the child who those animals are calling drawing ?
this girl who has helped the girl was watching some girl by some people .	was this girl who has helped the girl watching some girl by some people ?
some horse that the girls were calling has visited the people .	has some horse that the girls were calling visited the people ?
those horses who shall see this boy were talking .	were those horses who shall see this boy talking ?
some girl who those animals were feeding shall find the children that are finding the boy .	shall some girl who those animals were feeding find the children that are finding the boy ?
this horse who some boys have reached does find some girls .	does this horse who some boys have reached find some girls ?
some boys that have called the girls shall feed this baby by some children .	shall some boys that have called the girls feed this baby by some children ?
those boys who are seeing this child have found this girl that can call the boy .	have those boys who are seeing this child found this girl that can call the boy ?
the boys who are reaching the horses have reached those boys behind some children .	have the boys who are reaching the horses reached those boys behind some children ?
this girl who those babies have picked is finding the animals by those girls .	is this girl who those babies have picked finding the animals by those girls ?
some boy who has fed some animal shall talk .	shall some boy who has fed some animal talk ?
the boy who some girls would see was falling .	was the boy who some girls would see falling ?
this animal that would watch the people has watched the child behind this child .	has this animal that would watch the people watched the child behind this child ?
some person that the girl would reach was talking .	was some person that the girl would reach talking ?
the people that some babies would reach are finding some animal by the children .	are the people that some babies would reach finding some animal by the children ?
the horses that some girl is knowing have played .	have the horses that some girl is knowing played ?
those boys that do help the child have called the horses behind some animals .	have those boys that do help the child called the horses behind some animals ?
some babies that were helping this child have fallen .	have some babies that were helping this child fallen ?
some people that the girl would help were falling .	were some people that the girl would help falling ?
some babies that are helping the people have found some babies by the horse .	have some babies that are helping the people found some babies by the horse ?
those babies who some girls are reaching were drawing .	were those babies who some girls are reaching drawing ?
the babies that did find the baby can call some babies by some child .	can the babies that did find the baby call some babies by some child ?
the horses who some babies have fed are trying .	are the horses who some babies have fed trying ?
the people who some baby has helped were playing .	were the people who some baby has helped playing ?
the people that did see some children have watched some person that shall know some babies .	have the people that did see some children watched some person that shall know some babies ?
some person who some people do find is reading .	is some person who some people do find reading ?
this boy that some baby has picked shall help the person by the horse .	shall this boy that some baby has picked help the person by the horse ?
some person who is drawing was falling .	was some person who is drawing falling ?
those people that did sit can know the animal behind some horses .	can those people that did sit know the animal behind some horses ?
those animals who were helping those horses do see some child behind some babies .	do those animals who were helping those horses see some child behind some babies ?
the baby who can feed those babies has helped some person by the person .	has the baby who can feed those babies helped some person by the person ?
some animal that those children did reach has visited some person that has picked those people .	has some animal that those children did reach visited some person that has picked those people ?
some people that this child was finding shall sleep .	shall some people that this child was finding sleep ?
some person who shall feed some animal was knowing the boy by those babies .	was some person who shall feed some animal knowing the boy by those babies ?
the people that have reached those boys were trying .	were the people that have reached those boys trying ?
the girl that some girl is reaching shall find the girls .	shall the girl that some girl is reaching find the girls ?
this horse that can feed those children has called the boys that were finding the horses .	has this horse that can feed those children called the boys that were finding the horses ?
this person that does watch those girls can help the girls who have tried .	can this person that does watch those girls help the girls who have tried ?
the child who has read is talking .	is the child who has read talking ?
the people who the boys did watch would call some boy behind some children .	would the people who the boys did watch call some boy behind some children ?
some children that this animal has known have reached those horses by those animals .	have some children that this animal has known reached those horses by those animals ?
those people that the horses would know are trying .	are those people that the horses would know trying ?
some boys who the animal did pick have helped some animals that do feed the boys .	have some boys who the animal did pick helped some animals that do feed the boys ?
some person who was finding some people did read .	did some person who was finding some people read ?
some baby who has worked can sit .	can some baby who has worked sit ?
those babies that can play have talked .	have those babies that can play talked ?
this animal who does watch some baby was drawing .	was this animal who does watch some baby drawing ?
those boys that have helped the boys do work .	do those boys that have helped the boys work ?
the girls that the boy did visit shall sit .	shall the girls that the boy did visit sit ?
those children who some animals were finding have talked .	have those children who some animals were finding talked ?
some girl who shall try was knowing this baby who the babies would find .	was some girl who shall try knowing this baby who the babies would find ?
some child that would visit this person has helped those boys behind some boy .	has some child that would visit this person helped those boys behind some boy ?
the horse that those animals did help has talked .	has the horse that those animals did help talked ?
this horse who the horses shall watch was talking .	was this horse who the horses shall watch talking ?
some child that some children have found is working .	is some child that some children have found working ?
the horse that the animal does pick has played .	has the horse that the animal does pick played ?
some people who this baby would call were visiting some animal by the people .	were some people who this baby would call visiting some animal by the people ?
those children that were playing have drawn .	have those children that were playing drawn ?
those children that some baby shall know were reading .	were those children that some baby shall know reading ?
the horses that some girls shall visit do visit those girls by those people .	do the horses that some girls shall visit visit those girls by those people ?
the child that the child is knowing has talked .	has the child that the child is knowing talked ?
some girls who those horses are feeding were seeing some child behind some person .	were some girls who those horses are feeding seeing some child behind some person ?
some girls that some animals do see can try .	can some girls that some animals do see try ?
some girls that this girl was picking shall sit .	shall some girls that this girl was picking sit ?
this child who does read is sleeping .	is this child who does read sleeping ?
the child who did work shall read .	shall the child who did work read ?
some girl that would read is knowing the horses by this girl .	is some girl that would read knowing the horses by this girl ?
the children who have found the person shall sleep .	shall the children who have found the person sleep ?
some person that was calling some animal does watch some girl .	does some person that was calling some animal watch some girl ?
the girl that did try has found those babies by some horse .	has the girl that did try found those babies by some horse ?
this baby that has helped the child is helping those people behind those animals .	is this baby that has helped the child helping those people behind those animals ?
the babies that those people are finding would watch the horse .	would the babies that those people are finding watch the horse ?
the animal who is reaching the child does see some animals behind some girl .	does the animal who is reaching the child see some animals behind some girl ?
some horses that have sat were talking .	were some horses that have sat talking ?
the people who have fed some children were knowing this baby behind the baby .	were the people who have fed some children knowing this baby behind the baby ?
those horses that this girl did call were watching the boy by the girl .	were those horses that this girl did call watching the boy by the girl ?
some child that the animal shall find has called those children .	has some child that the animal shall find called those children ?
those animals who have called some baby are reading .	are those animals who have called some baby reading ?
the horses who this horse does help were seeing the child .	were the horses who this horse does help seeing the child ?
the horses who did walk have drawn .	have the horses who did walk drawn ?
the boys who have read were watching the children .	were the boys who have read watching the children ?
this person who has picked some boys is reading .	is this person who has picked some boys reading ?
the girls that do reach the animals have talked .	have the girls that do reach the animals talked ?
the horse that the children are knowing is drawing .	is the horse that the children are knowing drawing ?
some boys who are visiting some boys were calling some people who do visit some girls .	were some boys who are visiting some boys calling some people who do visit some girls ?
some children that some babies are reaching have seen those animals by the girl .	have some children that some babies are reaching seen those animals by the girl ?
those animals that have reached those animals are siting .	are those animals that have reached those animals siting ?
some girls who some girl has helped do sleep .	do some girls who some girl has helped sleep ?
the children that are feeding this girl have reached some person by some boys .	have the children that are feeding this girl reached some person by some boys ?
the children that are playing have reached those people by those babies .	have the children that are playing reached those people by those babies ?
the baby that does walk has sat .	has the baby that does walk sat ?
the boys who this boy was knowing have found the horse behind the horses .	have the boys who this boy was knowing found the horse behind the horses ?
this horse that did call the girl would visit some boy .	would this horse that did call the girl visit some boy ?
those animals that some baby is finding have drawn .	have those animals that some baby is finding drawn ?
the person that shall read does see those babies behind the children .	does the person that shall read see those babies behind the children ?
the boys that can know the animals have played .	have the boys that can know the animals played ?
this animal that shall walk has slept .	has this animal that shall walk slept ?
the child that has fed those horses would play .	would the child that has fed those horses play ?
this baby that those horses did feed shall read .	shall this baby that those horses did feed read ?
this girl that is reaching some horses has walked .	has this girl that is reaching some horses walked ?
some animal that some children would visit has read .	has some animal that some children would visit read ?
those girls that did reach some horses have slept .	have those girls that did reach some horses slept ?
the girls that have helped this boy would read .	would the girls that have helped this boy read ?
those animals who this horse was calling can find this girl .	can those animals who this horse was calling find this girl ?
the child that does visit the boy is sleeping .	is the child that does visit the boy sleeping ?
the girl that was reading has found the animal behind this girl .	has the girl that was reading found the animal behind this girl ?
the horses that were reading can feed those girls behind this person .	can the horses that were reading feed those girls behind this person ?
the people who some boy is knowing have called those babies by the animal .	have the people who some boy is knowing called those babies by the animal ?
some child who some girls have seen is knowing those babies by some baby .	is some child who some girls have seen knowing those babies by some baby ?
the babies that were playing would draw .	would the babies that were playing draw ?
the animal that is trying has known some horses behind some horse .	has the animal that is trying known some horses behind some horse ?
the horse that has fed the person is sleeping .	is the horse that has fed the person sleeping ?
some baby that can find some boys has fallen .	has some baby that can find some boys fallen ?
the child that can sleep is falling .	is the child that can sleep falling ?
the boy that would read is reaching the horses by the girls .	is the boy that would read reaching the horses by the girls ?
the boy who the girls were finding would sit .	would the boy who the girls were finding sit ?
the girl that is picking some person has seen the children by this horse .	has the girl that is picking some person seen the children by this horse ?
those boys that are playing have found some girl behind some girls .	have those boys that are playing found some girl behind some girls ?
some people that some boy is calling are working .	are some people that some boy is calling working ?
some people who the child has seen shall know this horse who those girls did pick .	shall some people who the child has seen know this horse who those girls did pick ?
the people that have reached some horse are watching the girls .	are the people that have reached some horse watching the girls ?
some boy that those people have helped has known some boy behind those people .	has some boy that those people have helped known some boy behind those people ?
some boys that have talked are calling some horses behind this girl .	are some boys that have talked calling some horses behind this girl ?
the animal that the children would visit shall try .	shall the animal that the children would visit try ?
the boys who some children did see do sit .	do the boys who some children did see sit ?
this animal who the boys have picked was playing .	was this animal who the boys have picked playing ?
some horse that some horses shall help has helped the child .	has some horse that some horses shall help helped the child ?
some child that the baby has helped shall walk .	shall some child that the baby has helped walk ?
the children that some child does see have called this person .	have the children that some child does see called this person ?
this girl who some animals have helped is reading .	is this girl who some animals have helped reading ?
the boy who the boys have called is talking .	is the boy who the boys have called talking ?
some horses that shall know some people are seeing this person by this child .	are some horses that shall know some people seeing this person by this child ?
the child who was siting has drawn .	has the child who was siting drawn ?
this animal that some baby is calling did draw .	did this animal that some baby is calling draw ?
some girl who this baby has visited was watching some boys .	was some girl who this baby has visited watching some boys ?
the people that those girls have visited were playing .	were the people that those girls have visited playing ?
some child who shall talk was helping this person behind some baby .	was some child who shall talk helping this person behind some baby ?
some horse who the horse has helped is sleeping .	is some horse who the horse has helped sleeping ?
this boy that has known the animal can fall .	can this boy that has known the animal fall ?
the horses who are feeding the babies would work .	would the horses who are feeding the babies work ?
the people that do help some boy have called some horse .	have the people that do help some boy called some horse ?
the animals that some people have seen shall play .	shall the animals that some people have seen play ?
those children that do pick those babies can pick those girls behind some baby .	can those children that do pick those babies pick those girls behind some baby ?
some animal that this baby can help has helped some girl behind those children .	has some animal that this baby can help helped some girl behind those children ?
the child that those people do know does watch some people by those boys .	does the child that those people do know watch some people by those boys ?
the baby that has fed this person was siting .	was the baby that has fed this person siting ?
the child who shall talk has watched the horses by this horse .	has the child who shall talk watched the horses by this horse ?
this baby that can try has reached some horse behind those boys .	has this baby that can try reached some horse behind those boys ?
the person that was visiting this animal does help the child behind some children .	does the person that was visiting this animal help the child behind some children ?
this person that the children were knowing is falling .	is this person that the children were knowing falling ?
the animal who the boy was knowing would see some girls by those boys .	would the animal who the boy was knowing see some girls by those boys ?
those girls that were reaching some boys have played .	have those girls that were reaching some boys played ?
this girl that is watching the child can feed some horses .	can this girl that is watching the child feed some horses ?
the girl that has picked those boys was walking .	was the girl that has picked those boys walking ?
the horses that the girl did help are knowing some horses by the animals .	are the horses that the girl did help knowing some horses by the animals ?
those children who the animal did know have picked the horses by some girls .	have those children who the animal did know picked the horses by some girls ?
those boys who those people do pick were falling .	were those boys who those people do pick falling ?
the boys that can see some girl have watched the baby .	have the boys that can see some girl watched the baby ?
some baby that those horses shall find has sat .	has some baby that those horses shall find sat ?
some boys who some horses can feed are feeding the animals behind some children .	are some boys who some horses can feed feeding the animals behind some children ?
this person who some people would visit shall sit .	shall this person who some people would visit sit ?
this child that has reached this girl was reaching this baby behind those boys .	was this child that has reached this girl reaching this baby behind those boys ?
those animals who have slept do call some person by the boy .	do those animals who have slept call some person by the boy ?
some animals that are reaching some baby would reach the girl behind the boy .	would some animals that are reaching some baby reach the girl behind the boy ?
the girls who did see the person have found some girl by this horse .	have the girls who did see the person found some girl by this horse ?
some boy who can know some children has fed those girls behind the baby .	has some boy who can know some children fed those girls behind the baby ?
those horses that the animal was visiting have seen the person .	have those horses that the animal was visiting seen the person ?
some child who was falling can sit .	can some child who was falling sit ?
this person who has read is picking the people .	is this person who has read picking the people ?
the babies who are sleeping have known this animal by this child .	have the babies who are sleeping known this animal by this child ?
some animals that the babies are feeding have called this baby behind the animal .	have some animals that the babies are feeding called this baby behind the animal ?
some girls that would sit did play .	did some girls that would sit play ?
some animals who have reached some child did visit those animals behind this animal .	did some animals who have reached some child visit those animals behind this animal ?
those horses who some boy is seeing did know the horse who was reading .	did those horses who some boy is seeing know the horse who was reading ?
the animals who the horses were seeing are sleeping .	are the animals who the horses were seeing sleeping ?
those horses that those animals would reach can sleep .	can those horses that those animals would reach sleep ?
those people that the girl is feeding would walk .	would those people that the girl is feeding walk ?
the people that can call this boy have fed those boys .	have the people that can call this boy fed those boys ?
the child who was helping the children shall reach the children by those children .	shall the child who was helping the children reach the children by those children ?
the people who some girl can see would watch the animals who were helping those babies .	would the people who some girl can see watch the animals who were helping those babies ?
some people who the horse has watched were knowing some children behind the people .	were some people who the horse has watched knowing some children behind the people ?
some animals that some girls have found are sleeping .	are some animals that some girls have found sleeping ?
this child that does reach those girls has sat .	has this child that does reach those girls sat ?
this boy who was seeing those people did help some animals that some boy has called .	did this boy who was seeing those people help some animals that some boy has called ?
the boys that are watching those people have worked .	have the boys that are watching those people worked ?
the children who the babies shall feed did visit those horses behind those animals .	did the children who the babies shall feed visit those horses behind those animals ?
those girls that do watch the boy can find this horse by some animal .	can those girls that do watch the boy find this horse by some animal ?
some animals that this horse would watch were working .	were some animals that this horse would watch working ?
the girl that can feed this boy shall visit this girl .	shall the girl that can feed this boy visit this girl ?
the girl who some boy was reaching does walk .	does the girl who some boy was reaching walk ?
those girls that have helped some girls were visiting some horses behind some animal .	were those girls that have helped some girls visiting some horses behind some animal ?
some horse that was drawing would work .	would some horse that was drawing work ?
some child who is falling shall talk .	shall some child who is falling talk ?
some girl that the animal was watching has seen those babies .	has some girl that the animal was watching seen those babies ?
the animals that those animals shall feed would watch the horse by those children .	would the animals that those animals shall feed watch the horse by those children ?
those children who did visit those people have visited the girls behind those animals .	have those children who did visit those people visited the girls behind those animals ?
some baby that is calling this boy would feed the horses by some animal .	would some baby that is calling this boy feed the horses by some animal ?
the children that would feed some animals are knowing the animals who shall visit this baby .	are the children that would feed some animals knowing the animals who shall visit this baby ?
some person who those girls shall pick was watching some person .	was some person who those girls shall pick watching some person ?
the children who are feeding this baby have called the babies behind the baby .	have the children who are feeding this baby called the babies behind the baby ?
some horses that did walk have visited the horses by some girl .	have some horses that did walk visited the horses by some girl ?
the horse that would draw is knowing the horse behind some boys .	is the horse that would draw knowing the horse behind some boys ?
the girl who is helping this boy shall call the animal behind the person .	shall the girl who is helping this boy call the animal behind the person ?
some animals who can know those horses have called those horses by the animals .	have some animals who can know those horses called those horses by the animals ?
the horse who does help the horses has watched the children behind the babies .	has the horse who does help the horses watched the children behind the babies ?
some girl that the horse was picking did see this person .	did some girl that the horse was picking see this person ?
the boy that was finding those children has fed some girl .	has the boy that was finding those children fed some girl ?
this child who shall reach the girls has tried .	has this child who shall reach the girls tried ?
the animals that this boy can find do see those girls that some children have helped .	do the animals that this boy can find see those girls that some children have helped ?
the animal who was falling is watching those boys .	is the animal who was falling watching those boys ?
those animals who some horses were picking do know some horses .	do those animals who some horses were picking know some horses ?
some animals who some baby does find shall reach some person by some horses .	shall some animals who some baby does find reach some person by some horses ?
the horses who this animal is helping are working .	are the horses who this animal is helping working ?
those girls that shall watch this person were working .	were those girls that shall watch this person working ?
the boys that have seen those horses did watch the children behind the child .	did the boys that have seen those horses watch the children behind the child ?
some children that the horses are finding would feed this child by some girls .	would some children that the horses are finding feed this child by some girls ?
those animals that are drawing do visit the person .	do those animals that are drawing visit the person ?
the baby that the horse was seeing did talk .	did the baby that the horse was seeing talk ?
some girl who the people can feed has picked some animals that were talking .	has some girl who the people can feed picked some animals that were talking ?
some girl who has known the babies shall read .	shall some girl who has known the babies read ?
the people who have known this girl were playing .	were the people who have known this girl playing ?
some girls that have picked the girls were calling some person .	were some girls that have picked the girls calling some person ?
some child that shall see this girl has fed those girls .	has some child that shall see this girl fed those girls ?
this boy who has fallen does work .	does this boy who has fallen work ?
some boys who have played would find this baby by the people .	would some boys who have played find this baby by the people ?
this girl who those horses were calling has known some person by the girl .	has this girl who those horses were calling known some person by the girl ?
the horse that shall walk was falling .	was the horse that shall walk falling ?
those girls that can reach some baby have fallen .	have those girls that can reach some baby fallen ?
this baby that those horses have visited has sat .	has this baby that those horses have visited sat ?
this child that the animals have helped shall work .	shall this child that the animals have helped work ?
some people who did know this person have visited some boy that is working .	have some people who did know this person visited some boy that is working ?
the babies who do know this child were helping the person who was siting .	were the babies who do know this child helping the person who was siting ?
this animal that the girl has watched was talking .	was this animal that the girl has watched talking ?
this boy that the animal has known shall help some child behind the animal .	shall this boy that the animal has known help some child behind the animal ?
this girl that some child was helping shall help the boys by some boys .	shall this girl that some child was helping help the boys by some boys ?
those babies that do find this boy have called the girls that have visited some boys .	have those babies that do find this boy called the girls that have visited some boys ?
the boy who has tried shall feed the animals .	shall the boy who has tried feed the animals ?
this horse that those horses have helped has read .	has this horse that those horses have helped read ?
the people who did feed the girl would talk .	would the people who did feed the girl talk ?
the baby who some animals were helping is siting .	is the baby who some animals were helping siting ?
some children that have played were reading .	were some children that have played reading ?
this horse that the horses have found shall visit this girl by this animal .	shall this horse that the horses have found visit this girl by this animal ?
those girls who some boy has called were siting .	were those girls who some boy has called siting ?
some girls who those children were watching are sleeping .	are some girls who those children were watching sleeping ?
this child that has worked is working .	is this child that has worked working ?
some boys that can pick the person did sleep .	did some boys that can pick the person sleep ?
this baby who would reach the people does pick some child that some babies have fed .	does this baby who would reach the people pick some child that some babies have fed ?
those animals that the girl has visited have sat .	have those animals that the girl has visited sat ?
some baby who the boy has known was helping some horse by the girls .	was some baby who the boy has known helping some horse by the girls ?
some boys who the boy can pick were siting .	were some boys who the boy can pick siting ?
those girls that did play shall read .	shall those girls that did play read ?
the boy who has played is seeing the person behind the girl .	is the boy who has played seeing the person behind the girl ?
some babies that have fed some boys were feeding some person .	were some babies that have fed some boys feeding some person ?
this horse that has helped the girl can pick some girl .	can this horse that has helped the girl pick some girl ?
those boys who have fed those babies are working .	are those boys who have fed those babies working ?
some boy that was knowing the boys has read .	has some boy that was knowing the boys read ?
some boys that did reach some children do watch those animals who are watching the girls .	do some boys that did reach some children watch those animals who are watching the girls ?
this girl who this animal shall visit can work .	can this girl who this animal shall visit work ?
the horses who have fed the boys were helping the horses behind some horses .	were the horses who have fed the boys helping the horses behind some horses ?
this girl that was knowing the animal did see the children by some baby .	did this girl that was knowing the animal see the children by some baby ?
this person who is falling has known some child .	has this person who is falling known some child ?
the babies that were drawing have talked .	have the babies that were drawing talked ?
some animal who the babies have helped would pick this boy .	would some animal who the babies have helped pick this boy ?
the horses who those boys were seeing have sat .	have the horses who those boys were seeing sat ?
some horses that are watching the animals have known this child who the animals are finding .	have some horses that are watching the animals known this child who the animals are finding ?
some boys that are sleeping were helping some animal by this person .	were some boys that are sleeping helping some animal by this person ?
the boy who does help those horses was playing .	was the boy who does help those horses playing ?
the baby who has visited the child is finding this horse by some girl .	is the baby who has visited the child finding this horse by some girl ?
the horse that some boys were picking has slept .	has the horse that some boys were picking slept ?
some animal that the animals were calling has reached the person behind some horses .	has some animal that the animals were calling reached the person behind some horses ?
some babies who some boy has fed did find the girl .	did some babies who some boy has fed find the girl ?
the boy who is reaching some person has sat .	has the boy who is reaching some person sat ?
the horses that have called some boy do feed some horses behind some boy .	do the horses that have called some boy feed some horses behind some boy ?
some horses that shall find the people can visit this baby who some girls were picking .	can some horses that shall find the people visit this baby who some girls were picking ?
those animals that are feeding the children have walked .	have those animals that are feeding the children walked ?
this horse who was finding the horse has slept .	has this horse who was finding the horse slept ?
some girl who those babies have found has picked the girl by this person .	has some girl who those babies have found picked the girl by this person ?
the boy that does try has picked some horses who were working .	has the boy that does try picked some horses who were working ?
some person who has picked this horse was drawing .	was some person who has picked this horse drawing ?
some animal who is knowing the children has found this horse behind this baby .	has some animal who is knowing the children found this horse behind this baby ?
some girls who have called those girls do call some animal .	do some girls who have called those girls call some animal ?
the boys that this animal has found are calling some babies behind the babies .	are the boys that this animal has found calling some babies behind the babies ?
this girl who did draw can find the horses .	can this girl who did draw find the horses ?
the child who was picking those horses shall walk .	shall the child who was picking those horses walk ?
this child who was knowing the person is talking .	is this child who was knowing the person talking ?
the babies who those animals are visiting have picked those children behind the boys .	have the babies who those animals are visiting picked those children behind the boys ?
the babies that have reached some boys do draw .	do the babies that have reached some boys draw ?
this horse who some horse would reach has slept .	has this horse who some horse would reach slept ?
some animal that has sat does help some children .	does some animal that has sat help some children ?
the animals that did work are knowing this animal that has known some animal .	are the animals that did work knowing this animal that has known some animal ?
this child that this girl has visited did talk .	did this child that this girl has visited talk ?
the boy who those people have picked has tried .	has the boy who those people have picked tried ?
those girls that were knowing the baby did sleep .	did those girls that were knowing the baby sleep ?
the animal who did read shall feed the babies by those babies .	shall the animal who did read feed the babies by those babies ?
this baby who has helped the girl is calling some boy .	is this baby who has helped the girl calling some boy ?
some child who has drawn can read .	can some child who has drawn read ?
those boys who are playing do work .	do those boys who are playing work ?
the girls who the girl has visited would see some animal .	would the girls who the girl has visited see some animal ?
some children that the people have seen are visiting those babies behind this girl .	are some children that the people have seen visiting those babies behind this girl ?
those children who some girls are reaching were trying .	were those children who some girls are reaching trying ?
some boys that have tried were falling .	were some boys that have tried falling ?
some person that would read can work .	can some person that would read work ?
this animal that was reaching the horse can see the animals by this boy .	can this animal that was reaching the horse see the animals by this boy ?
those animals that can draw were knowing the people by some boy .	were those animals that can draw knowing the people by some boy ?
those boys that shall talk do play .	do those boys that shall talk play ?
the person who the boy is helping has tried .	has the person who the boy is helping tried ?
this child who the person is helping can draw .	can this child who the person is helping draw ?
those boys who shall sit have fallen .	have those boys who shall sit fallen ?
the person who would draw shall know this child .	shall the person who would draw know this child ?
some person that is playing has drawn .	has some person that is playing drawn ?
the animal who was trying has slept .	has the animal who was trying slept ?
the animals that this animal has fed shall sit .	shall the animals that this animal has fed sit ?
some children who are drawing have visited this horse who those horses were calling .	have some children who are drawing visited this horse who those horses were calling ?
the girl who this boy has picked can see some horses .	can the girl who this boy has picked see some horses ?
those children who are reaching those girls were picking the children .	were those children who are reaching those girls picking the children ?
some baby that the horse was watching did walk .	did some baby that the horse was watching walk ?
some children who have seen this person would draw .	would some children who have seen this person draw ?
some horse who shall feed this animal was drawing .	was some horse who shall feed this animal drawing ?
some people that were calling some horses did read .	did some people that were calling some horses read ?
some children who some person has visited are walking .	are some children who some person has visited walking ?
some child that would pick some boy is feeding the boy that this baby has known .	is some child that would pick some boy feeding the boy that this baby has known ?
this animal who is watching some horse has called the boys behind some horse .	has this animal who is watching some horse called the boys behind some horse ?
some child who has found those horses was calling this child behind the horse .	was some child who has found those horses calling this child behind the horse ?
those people who the baby shall watch have visited this animal that is reading .	have those people who the baby shall watch visited this animal that is reading ?
the children who would call the babies have picked some animal by the children .	have the children who would call the babies picked some animal by the children ?
some baby that is helping those people has slept .	has some baby that is helping those people slept ?
the child who has helped those people was finding the baby that is visiting some babies .	was the child who has helped those people finding the baby that is visiting some babies ?
this child that some animal has found would reach the children that the boy was seeing .	would this child that some animal has found reach the children that the boy was seeing ?
this baby that those girls have fed has talked .	has this baby that those girls have fed talked ?
those people that this person shall help were feeding some children by some horses .	were those people that this person shall help feeding some children by some horses ?
the boy that some person was knowing has visited the children behind some child .	has the boy that some person was knowing visited the children behind some child ?
some girl who the girls would visit did sleep .	did some girl who the girls would visit sleep ?
the horse that some horse has reached can visit the horses who have reached this girl .	can the horse that some horse has reached visit the horses who have reached this girl ?
some children that are watching some boy have talked .	have some children that are watching some boy talked ?
some girls who did find some baby have worked .	have some girls who did find some baby worked ?
those boys that are walking have worked .	have those boys that are walking worked ?
the babies who are sleeping have played .	have the babies who are sleeping played ?
the babies who were helping those boys have helped some boy behind this boy .	have the babies who were helping those boys helped some boy behind this boy ?
the child who was knowing some horse has visited those people who do help this girl .	has the child who was knowing some horse visited those people who do help this girl ?
this child who those babies are calling has fed some boy .	has this child who those babies are calling fed some boy ?
some people who this girl was watching have worked .	have some people who this girl was watching worked ?
those girls who were falling have talked .	have those girls who were falling talked ?
this girl that some girls have called was talking .	was this girl that some girls have called talking ?
some child that the boys are seeing was watching those people behind some babies .	was some child that the boys are seeing watching those people behind some babies ?
some animal who the horse did watch was visiting this girl that some baby does watch .	was some animal who the horse did watch visiting this girl that some baby does watch ?
some people that those animals have watched did call some babies behind some boy .	did some people that those animals have watched call some babies behind some boy ?
some horse who some boys are knowing is playing .	is some horse who some boys are knowing playing ?
those people who are walking have fallen .	have those people who are walking fallen ?
this child that did call some girls was finding this girl who was seeing the animal .	was this child that did call some girls finding this girl who was seeing the animal ?
this horse who did find some babies has talked .	has this horse who did find some babies talked ?
some babies that have known those babies did visit the babies that can visit the horse .	did some babies that have known those babies visit the babies that can visit the horse ?
the baby who does feed the girl is calling some girl by some babies .	is the baby who does feed the girl calling some girl by some babies ?
some children who shall help this baby do draw .	do some children who shall help this baby draw ?
this person that this animal shall call has called some animal behind the animal .	has this person that this animal shall call called some animal behind the animal ?
some boys who can see the baby have seen this child by the girl .	have some boys who can see the baby seen this child by the girl ?
some person that some baby has picked does know some animal .	does some person that some baby has picked know some animal ?
the horse that shall fall was talking .	was the horse that shall fall talking ?
the boys that some person has picked are falling .	are the boys that some person has picked falling ?
the children who would watch the child were reaching the girls behind the girl .	were the children who would watch the child reaching the girls behind the girl ?
this girl who those boys can know is feeding this animal that has fallen .	is this girl who those boys can know feeding this animal that has fallen ?
the horses that do sleep have found the babies by some person .	have the horses that do sleep found the babies by some person ?
some children who those girls were knowing have found some horse by some babies .	have some children who those girls were knowing found some horse by some babies ?
this horse that has seen some horse can see some animal .	can this horse that has seen some horse see some animal ?
some boys that have fed the baby did find this child by some baby .	did some boys that have fed the baby find this child by some baby ?
the animals that are knowing this person have talked .	have the animals that are knowing this person talked ?
the animals that are falling would read .	would the animals that are falling read ?
this child that some girls did visit has tried .	has this child that some girls did visit tried ?
some animal that would find those horses has watched the boy by the horses .	has some animal that would find those horses watched the boy by the horses ?
some children who those horses are reaching have walked .	have some children who those horses are reaching walked ?
the children that have seen the person are reading .	are the children that have seen the person reading ?
the girl who shall feed those babies has slept .	has the girl who shall feed those babies slept ?
the horses that those horses have helped were falling .	were the horses that those horses have helped falling ?
the child that the children have found has fallen .	has the child that the children have found fallen ?
this animal that can walk is helping those girls that shall see the boy .	is this animal that can walk helping those girls that shall see the boy ?
some babies who can see the animal are knowing the girl by some people .	are some babies who can see the animal knowing the girl by some people ?
this child who those children shall pick has talked .	has this child who those children shall pick talked ?
some person who was drawing has seen this child by the animals .	has some person who was drawing seen this child by the animals ?
some animal that this person is calling does sit .	does some animal that this person is calling sit ?
the baby that some animals are finding can visit the girl who has helped the horse .	can the baby that some animals are finding visit the girl who has helped the horse ?
some person who those animals are knowing has slept .	has some person who those animals are knowing slept ?
those children who were calling some boys would help the baby who some baby is picking .	would those children who were calling some boys help the baby who some baby is picking ?
this child who some animal has found is reaching some child behind the animal .	is this child who some animal has found reaching some child behind the animal ?
some people who were talking do see this animal .	do some people who were talking see this animal ?
some girl who has found some child was walking .	was some girl who has found some child walking ?
this child who was playing has visited some boy that the people are knowing .	has this child who was playing visited some boy that the people are knowing ?
the horses who some horses have watched would talk .	would the horses who some horses have watched talk ?
this child that was working has read .	has this child that was working read ?
some people that some girl has watched would reach the girl .	would some people that some girl has watched reach the girl ?
this baby who those children shall reach was feeding some person .	was this baby who those children shall reach feeding some person ?
this animal who some girl does visit has played .	has this animal who some girl does visit played ?
this girl who is working does see some people .	does this girl who is working see some people ?
those people who those children can know did find the animal behind some horse .	did those people who those children can know find the animal behind some horse ?
some people that this child would feed are watching the person behind the children .	are some people that this child would feed watching the person behind the children ?
some girls that some children are seeing were watching some girls .	were some girls that some children are seeing watching some girls ?
those babies who some children did see shall draw .	shall those babies who some children did see draw ?
some child that was sleeping has picked some animal that the boys were knowing .	has some child that was sleeping picked some animal that the boys were knowing ?
the horse who was trying did walk .	did the horse who was trying walk ?
some children who have called some boys did talk .	did some children who have called some boys talk ?
the person that is trying has fed those babies .	has the person that is trying fed those babies ?
those animals who the boys did see are walking .	are those animals who the boys did see walking ?
this baby who the baby does find is watching the horses .	is this baby who the baby does find watching the horses ?
this person who has called this baby is visiting the person .	is this person who has called this baby visiting the person ?
this person that did pick some girl has seen some babies .	has this person that did pick some girl seen some babies ?
some animal who shall sit was drawing .	was some animal who shall sit drawing ?
this boy who has watched the person can try .	can this boy who has watched the person try ?
the animals that this girl is knowing do read .	do the animals that this girl is knowing read ?
those horses that are picking some girls would pick the children who have helped those children .	would those horses that are picking some girls pick the children who have helped those children ?
those boys that some child would feed have fallen .	have those boys that some child would feed fallen ?
some horses who the horse is knowing were trying .	were some horses who the horse is knowing trying ?
those people who were feeding this girl have known this baby that does walk .	have those people who were feeding this girl known this baby that does walk ?
those babies that were falling can talk .	can those babies that were falling talk ?
the baby that some child has found was trying .	was the baby that some child has found trying ?
those people who shall play have worked .	have those people who shall play worked ?
some baby that was reaching the girl is watching the girls .	is some baby that was reaching the girl watching the girls ?
some horse that those children would call has tried .	has some horse that those children would call tried ?
the babies who some babies are watching have picked this girl by those children .	have the babies who some babies are watching picked this girl by those children ?
some horse that some horse can call does sleep .	does some horse that some horse can call sleep ?
some horse who some child is picking did fall .	did some horse who some child is picking fall ?
the girls that some boys did see are feeding some child who some children can see .	are the girls that some boys did see feeding some child who some children can see ?
this child who has seen some horse can feed the boy that has talked .	can this child who has seen some horse feed the boy that has talked ?
those babies who shall draw have slept .	have those babies who shall draw slept ?
the girl who is helping the horses did draw .	did the girl who is helping the horses draw ?
some girls who some person is seeing are visiting the babies behind those babies .	are some girls who some person is seeing visiting the babies behind those babies ?
this girl that some babies were visiting did fall .	did this girl that some babies were visiting fall ?
the child that would reach the people did sleep .	did the child that would reach the people sleep ?
those animals that did watch the boy can pick this horse .	can those animals that did watch the boy pick this horse ?
some children who were picking the animal have read .	have some children who were picking the animal read ?
some child who was walking is reaching the person .	is some child who was walking reaching the person ?
those babies who were seeing those animals have helped this horse by those horses .	have those babies who were seeing those animals helped this horse by those horses ?
some babies who do feed the horses were sleeping .	were some babies who do feed the horses sleeping ?
those animals that did watch some boys have played .	have those animals that did watch some boys played ?
the children who have picked some baby would read .	would the children who have picked some baby read ?
some girl who those animals are helping did help some babies behind the people .	did some girl who those animals are helping help some babies behind the people ?
this boy who does see some girl has sat .	has this boy who does see some girl sat ?
the boy who has helped some people was sleeping .	was the boy who has helped some people sleeping ?
the animals that have fed this girl do see the girl that was reaching the people .	do the animals that have fed this girl see the girl that was reaching the people ?
this girl that this girl did visit was working .	was this girl that this girl did visit working ?
this girl who was knowing this girl does call the horses by the children .	does this girl who was knowing this girl call the horses by the children ?
the animal that this person did know has known this animal by the babies .	has the animal that this person did know known this animal by the babies ?
the baby who the girls have watched was drawing .	was the baby who the girls have watched drawing ?
some people who did visit the boys were watching some children by this horse .	were some people who did visit the boys watching some children by this horse ?
some people who the horse has found have read .	have some people who the horse has found read ?
the babies that can pick this animal shall walk .	shall the babies that can pick this animal walk ?
some girl that this baby is seeing was playing .	was some girl that this baby is seeing playing ?
the boy that this animal was helping has fallen .	has the boy that this animal was helping fallen ?
those people who were working would play .	would those people who were working play ?
those boys who are visiting those horses did see the child .	did those boys who are visiting those horses see the child ?
those babies that those girls would call have tried .	have those babies that those girls would call tried ?
the horses that can walk were picking some horse by the girl .	were the horses that can walk picking some horse by the girl ?
those boys that the boy did see have worked .	have those boys that the boy did see worked ?
this horse that was visiting the boy is finding the girls by the people .	is this horse that was visiting the boy finding the girls by the people ?
the animals who were visiting some child have walked .	have the animals who were visiting some child walked ?
the person that this child has seen was playing .	was the person that this child has seen playing ?
some children who would visit some people were talking .	were some children who would visit some people talking ?
the person that was helping this baby is visiting this person by the girl .	is the person that was helping this baby visiting this person by the girl ?
those people that shall sit were helping some person .	were those people that shall sit helping some person ?
some girl that is walking can sit .	can some girl that is walking sit ?
some animals who are finding the animal have played .	have some animals who are finding the animal played ?
some animals that were picking the horse have talked .	have some animals that were picking the horse talked ?
the horses who shall see the horses have read .	have the horses who shall see the horses read ?
those boys that did walk have seen the animal by the baby .	have those boys that did walk seen the animal by the baby ?
those boys that have worked are falling .	are those boys that have worked falling ?
some animal that is falling has seen some babies .	has some animal that is falling seen some babies ?
the child who was finding those girls can watch some animals by the baby .	can the child who was finding those girls watch some animals by the baby ?
the boys that this horse was knowing have fed those boys that were reading .	have the boys that this horse was knowing fed those boys that were reading ?
those animals who the child has found would watch those babies .	would those animals who the child has found watch those babies ?
some horses who some boys are visiting shall try .	shall some horses who some boys are visiting try ?
those animals who this animal has helped shall pick some girl .	shall those animals who this animal has helped pick some girl ?
the baby who has reached some girls is talking .	is the baby who has reached some girls talking ?
the person who is reaching this child does help the girl behind the baby .	does the person who is reaching this child help the girl behind the baby ?
those horses who do read are siting .	are those horses who do read siting ?
some people that some horse has reached have played .	have some people that some horse has reached played ?
those children who were reading have known the boys who are trying .	have those children who were reading known the boys who are trying ?
some animals that some boys can call were watching the people behind this animal .	were some animals that some boys can call watching the people behind this animal ?
some boy that the girl is watching was working .	was some boy that the girl is watching working ?
those boys that some children have fed were finding those girls that this baby was knowing .	were those boys that some children have fed finding those girls that this baby was knowing ?
the boy who does know some horse has reached the children behind the horse .	has the boy who does know some horse reached the children behind the horse ?
this boy that shall find this person is reading .	is this boy that shall find this person reading ?
those boys that some animals do call have fallen .	have those boys that some animals do call fallen ?
the person that some girl has watched is siting .	is the person that some girl has watched siting ?
some children who shall feed the girl are reaching the baby .	are some children who shall feed the girl reaching the baby ?
the children that were finding the child do play .	do the children that were finding the child play ?
the horses that have called some girl shall draw .	shall the horses that have called some girl draw ?
the girls that the boys do know have sat .	have the girls that the boys do know sat ?
this child who some children have found was siting .	was this child who some children have found siting ?
some animals who did pick this person have reached some children by those children .	have some animals who did pick this person reached some children by those children ?
some person who was playing is siting .	is some person who was playing siting ?
this boy who was playing has known the girl by this baby .	has this boy who was playing known the girl by this baby ?
the people who are picking some people have called those animals behind those horses .	have the people who are picking some people called those animals behind those horses ?
the person that this animal has helped does reach this person that has watched the animals .	does the person that this animal has helped reach this person that has watched the animals ?
those babies that are picking some baby were playing .	were those babies that are picking some baby playing ?
those children that are reaching this boy did talk .	did those children that are reaching this boy talk ?
some boy who was finding those children has known the girls .	has some boy who was finding those children known the girls ?
the girls that this person has helped have talked .	have the girls that this person has helped talked ?
those children who would try have sat .	have those children who would try sat ?
those children who those boys did help were watching the horses behind the girls .	were those children who those boys did help watching the horses behind the girls ?
this baby that can know the baby is drawing .	is this baby that can know the baby drawing ?
those horses who can talk have tried .	have those horses who can talk tried ?
some baby that is talking was talking .	was some baby that is talking talking ?
the baby that has fallen was helping those girls that some child has known .	was the baby that has fallen helping those girls that some child has known ?
this girl who was feeding those horses has tried .	has this girl who was feeding those horses tried ?
those girls that were feeding the girls are reading .	are those girls that were feeding the girls reading ?
this person that shall try does find some people by some boy .	does this person that shall try find some people by some boy ?
the animal who was reaching some child does sit .	does the animal who was reaching some child sit ?
the animal that some horse can visit was calling some animal .	was the animal that some horse can visit calling some animal ?
this child who was talking has known the person behind some boys .	has this child who was talking known the person behind some boys ?
the boys that have called those animals are sleeping .	are the boys that have called those animals sleeping ?
those animals that the child was watching do play .	do those animals that the child was watching play ?
this baby who the boys shall visit has slept .	has this baby who the boys shall visit slept ?
the boys who can know some animals have helped those children by the boy .	have the boys who can know some animals helped those children by the boy ?
this boy that would work can try .	can this boy that would work try ?
some baby who some girls did call is trying .	is some baby who some girls did call trying ?
the animal who is calling the animal does walk .	does the animal who is calling the animal walk ?
this girl that some girls did watch has known the people .	has this girl that some girls did watch known the people ?
some people that the girls have fed would call those children by those children .	would some people that the girls have fed call those children by those children ?
this girl that the horses do reach has fed those people .	has this girl that the horses do reach fed those people ?
those babies that have walked are walking .	are those babies that have walked walking ?
this boy who was calling the child did try .	did this boy who was calling the child try ?
those animals that some girls are visiting would reach some boys by some horses .	would those animals that some girls are visiting reach some boys by some horses ?
some animal who was knowing those boys does feed the animal .	does some animal who was knowing those boys feed the animal ?
those girls who can feed this person did read .	did those girls who can feed this person read ?
some child that was walking would fall .	would some child that was walking fall ?
some boys that are finding the girls shall pick the babies behind those animals .	shall some boys that are finding the girls pick the babies behind those animals ?
those boys that this baby is knowing are knowing some babies behind the baby .	are those boys that this baby is knowing knowing some babies behind the baby ?
the horses who some girl has reached have reached some horse that the child was knowing .	have the horses who some girl has reached reached some horse that the child was knowing ?
some baby that those babies have found is talking .	is some baby that those babies have found talking ?
some girl who some boys would feed does talk .	does some girl who some boys would feed talk ?
some horses that shall see some horse do see those children .	do some horses that shall see some horse see those children ?
this baby who this child was calling has fed this person by those children .	has this baby who this child was calling fed this person by those children ?
the horse that some animal has found would call those boys by those babies .	would the horse that some animal has found call those boys by those babies ?
the horse that can see the horse is seeing some girl who has found the babies .	is the horse that can see the horse seeing some girl who has found the babies ?
some animals that the boy is finding have talked .	have some animals that the boy is finding talked ?
some animal who does know some people has found some horses .	has some animal who does know some people found some horses ?
some horses who this girl has found shall find some horses .	shall some horses who this girl has found find some horses ?
those babies that have known this girl were visiting those animals .	were those babies that have known this girl visiting those animals ?
the horse who the girl is picking was knowing the girl behind those horses .	was the horse who the girl is picking knowing the girl behind those horses ?
some boys who are finding the animals were drawing .	were some boys who are finding the animals drawing ?
the girl that has called the girls shall call some girl by some boy .	shall the girl that has called the girls call some girl by some boy ?
this person that can sit would work .	would this person that can sit work ?
the people who some girl is feeding do reach some horse .	do the people who some girl is feeding reach some horse ?
the babies that do know the boys did find some babies .	did the babies that do know the boys find some babies ?
those girls who are talking did pick the girl .	did those girls who are talking pick the girl ?
some babies that some animals were picking have helped those boys .	have some babies that some animals were picking helped those boys ?
the babies who shall call this boy have found this person by the people .	have the babies who shall call this boy found this person by the people ?
the animals who some boy has watched do call some baby .	do the animals who some boy has watched call some baby ?
some person that the people were picking was siting .	was some person that the people were picking siting ?
the children that are siting did fall .	did the children that are siting fall ?
some baby who was helping this horse has found the horse that some children did find .	has some baby who was helping this horse found the horse that some children did find ?
some horses who were feeding this child have watched this animal behind the horse .	have some horses who were feeding this child watched this animal behind the horse ?
some boy who can help the child has drawn .	has some boy who can help the child drawn ?
some girl who has worked is finding some animals .	is some girl who has worked finding some animals ?
this animal who some animal was calling has seen the horses who have found this baby .	has this animal who some animal was calling seen the horses who have found this baby ?
some animal who was working does walk .	does some animal who was working walk ?
the animals that those animals have helped were visiting this girl .	were the animals that those animals have helped visiting this girl ?
some girl that this child was reaching did see some people behind some person .	did some girl that this child was reaching see some people behind some person ?
those boys who those babies have visited were calling the horse by the child .	were those boys who those babies have visited calling the horse by the child ?
those boys that the girls have picked were knowing the girl who some boy has helped .	were those boys that the girls have picked knowing the girl who some boy has helped ?
some horse who the animals are watching was picking those children behind the babies .	was some horse who the animals are watching picking those children behind the babies ?
the girls that the horses shall see can pick the babies by some girls .	can the girls that the horses shall see pick the babies by some girls ?
those horses who would walk are visiting some boy behind the horse .	are those horses who would walk visiting some boy behind the horse ?
this person that the animals have reached did call this horse .	did this person that the animals have reached call this horse ?
this horse that the person was feeding is trying .	is this horse that the person was feeding trying ?
this boy that is seeing the animal has helped the horse behind the animal .	has this boy that is seeing the animal helped the horse behind the animal ?
those babies who were talking have walked .	have those babies who were talking walked ?
some person that some baby shall watch has worked .	has some person that some baby shall watch worked ?
the babies who some baby has seen are reaching the boy that is reaching the boys .	are the babies who some baby has seen reaching the boy that is reaching the boys ?
those children who can try have tried .	have those children who can try tried ?
those girls who the babies are visiting shall read .	shall those girls who the babies are visiting read ?
some child who does find some horse did work .	did some child who does find some horse work ?
those boys that have drawn are feeding some animal by the babies .	are those boys that have drawn feeding some animal by the babies ?
some baby that is visiting some person has visited this boy that does visit the children .	has some baby that is visiting some person visited this boy that does visit the children ?
those babies that the animals can pick do sleep .	do those babies that the animals can pick sleep ?
the boys who the girl is helping have helped the babies behind this baby .	have the boys who the girl is helping helped the babies behind this baby ?
some boys who do read are falling .	are some boys who do read falling ?
some babies who are reaching the boy do watch the boys .	do some babies who are reaching the boy watch the boys ?
those children who some baby was calling are working .	are those children who some baby was calling working ?
those children that have read are helping this boy behind the child .	are those children that have read helping this boy behind the child ?
those girls that those animals have helped are drawing .	are those girls that those animals have helped drawing ?
those babies who this horse has visited have drawn .	have those babies who this horse has visited drawn ?
some boy that is working did know the animal .	did some boy that is working know the animal ?
the people who those girls did watch can fall .	can the people who those girls did watch fall ?
those children who some girls were calling would see some boy .	would those children who some girls were calling see some boy ?
this girl that those animals have seen has tried .	has this girl that those animals have seen tried ?
some girls who have known this girl do reach some person behind this child .	do some girls who have known this girl reach some person behind this child ?
those boys who did sleep were falling .	were those boys who did sleep falling ?
this boy who has fed this animal was falling .	was this boy who has fed this animal falling ?
this person that those babies would watch is trying .	is this person that those babies would watch trying ?
some baby who can know those babies was calling the girls that can see this animal .	was some baby who can know those babies calling the girls that can see this animal ?
some children who those children did watch shall sit .	shall some children who those children did watch sit ?
the child who some animal was watching is reaching some horses .	is the child who some animal was watching reaching some horses ?
those people that were sleeping have talked .	have those people that were sleeping talked ?
some people that are reaching some children shall feed this girl behind those animals .	shall some people that are reaching some children feed this girl behind those animals ?
the baby that this girl can call has watched the baby behind some child .	has the baby that this girl can call watched the baby behind some child ?
some babies who did call the boy have reached some boy behind some people .	have some babies who did call the boy reached some boy behind some people ?
this boy that some baby does pick would talk .	would this boy that some baby does pick talk ?
this animal that shall find those boys has sat .	has this animal that shall find those boys sat ?
the boys that would visit some people have seen the people .	have the boys that would visit some people seen the people ?
the babies who shall reach some boys do play .	do the babies who shall reach some boys play ?
those animals who some horse has visited were reading .	were those animals who some horse has visited reading ?
some people that this girl is calling shall work .	shall some people that this girl is calling work ?
some girls that the children have picked were calling the horses .	were some girls that the children have picked calling the horses ?
the boy that some horse was watching does reach this person that does watch the boys .	does the boy that some horse was watching reach this person that does watch the boys ?
some animals that some babies are feeding were talking .	were some animals that some babies are feeding talking ?
the child that does fall is reaching the animal by those people .	is the child that does fall reaching the animal by those people ?
some girl who has fed this animal was helping this baby by some babies .	was some girl who has fed this animal helping this baby by some babies ?
the boy who has read is calling those animals behind the girl .	is the boy who has read calling those animals behind the girl ?
the animal who the babies were feeding is reaching the child .	is the animal who the babies were feeding reaching the child ?
those girls who those children did feed are knowing the children behind some girls .	are those girls who those children did feed knowing the children behind some girls ?
this child who the animals do call does sleep .	does this child who the animals do call sleep ?
some people who some children did call have reached the child behind some animals .	have some people who some children did call reached the child behind some animals ?
the animals who the person is feeding were knowing the child .	were the animals who the person is feeding knowing the child ?
some animal that was reaching the boy has visited the boys .	has some animal that was reaching the boy visited the boys ?
the baby that would pick the horse does sit .	does the baby that would pick the horse sit ?
those girls that are siting have helped some people that do play .	have those girls that are siting helped some people that do play ?
some horses that are watching some person have seen some children behind some boy .	have some horses that are watching some person seen some children behind some boy ?
some child that the person did watch is playing .	is some child that the person did watch playing ?
some child that did pick the baby has tried .	has some child that did pick the baby tried ?
some children that have watched those horses were walking .	were some children that have watched those horses walking ?
some people that are watching some animal were calling some horse that did see some people .	were some people that are watching some animal calling some horse that did see some people ?
the children that can reach the animals have sat .	have the children that can reach the animals sat ?
the girl that this person has visited was reading .	was the girl that this person has visited reading ?
some child who some child did pick shall try .	shall some child who some child did pick try ?
this horse who is picking the horses would visit some person who the girl has found .	would this horse who is picking the horses visit some person who the girl has found ?
this horse that some boys have fed has reached those girls who some boys have visited .	has this horse that some boys have fed reached those girls who some boys have visited ?
those children that have worked would see the boy by the baby .	would those children that have worked see the boy by the baby ?
those horses who are knowing some child have read .	have those horses who are knowing some child read ?
some boy who those people are knowing was helping this girl by those boys .	was some boy who those people are knowing helping this girl by those boys ?
those children who have fed those boys were working .	were those children who have fed those boys working ?
those animals who are feeding some horse were calling this boy behind those babies .	were those animals who are feeding some horse calling this boy behind those babies ?
this person that does call the person was finding this girl .	was this person that does call the person finding this girl ?
this girl who those animals have picked would read .	would this girl who those animals have picked read ?
those boys who those girls have called were watching this horse who the animal has seen .	were those boys who those girls have called watching this horse who the animal has seen ?
those horses that would watch some children shall feed some people that those horses were picking .	shall those horses that would watch some children feed some people that those horses were picking ?
those horses that some boys were feeding did play .	did those horses that some boys were feeding play ?
some horse who this animal was reaching is playing .	is some horse who this animal was reaching playing ?
some horses who do fall were knowing the baby behind some animals .	were some horses who do fall knowing the baby behind some animals ?
the child who was working can draw .	can the child who was working draw ?
this boy who those animals have found has picked the children that some baby has known .	has this boy who those animals have found picked the children that some baby has known ?
some person who was calling the girl has worked .	has some person who was calling the girl worked ?
this animal that this child does pick did know some people .	did this animal that this child does pick know some people ?
some children who have read shall help those children by the animal .	shall some children who have read help those children by the animal ?
some baby who was knowing the boys has played .	has some baby who was knowing the boys played ?
the animal that was reading can play .	can the animal that was reading play ?
the babies who were picking those boys are walking .	are the babies who were picking those boys walking ?
those animals who some children have fed are talking .	are those animals who some children have fed talking ?
those animals that were working have fallen .	have those animals that were working fallen ?
this animal who has known the babies is playing .	is this animal who has known the babies playing ?
some people that have visited this animal shall try .	shall some people that have visited this animal try ?
some horses who can see the children have fed some person .	have some horses who can see the children fed some person ?
some babies who were reading are finding the people who have read .	are some babies who were reading finding the people who have read ?
the child that does work has known the girl who is playing .	has the child that does work known the girl who is playing ?
this person that would sleep does draw .	does this person that would sleep draw ?
the animal who those children were helping is helping this horse .	is the animal who those children were helping helping this horse ?
this child who has drawn did call some child by some boys .	did this child who has drawn call some child by some boys ?
some horses who do sit were visiting those boys by some baby .	were some horses who do sit visiting those boys by some baby ?
this child who has worked is finding some girl .	is this child who has worked finding some girl ?
the child who some boys do reach is walking .	is the child who some boys do reach walking ?
some horses who those people did watch shall see the boys by this animal .	shall some horses who those people did watch see the boys by this animal ?
some child that was watching the girls has reached the child .	has some child that was watching the girls reached the child ?
some girls who some people have reached did sit .	did some girls who some people have reached sit ?
the baby that can pick those people has reached the girl behind some boys .	has the baby that can pick those people reached the girl behind some boys ?
the animals who can walk have talked .	have the animals who can walk talked ?
the children who this person has visited have walked .	have the children who this person has visited walked ?
those children that have seen the people would reach the boy behind some person .	would those children that have seen the people reach the boy behind some person ?
the animals that were picking this animal do call the person by some horse .	do the animals that were picking this animal call the person by some horse ?
those boys that this person is seeing are helping those boys that have slept .	are those boys that this person is seeing helping those boys that have slept ?
the animal who the babies have picked did see some boy by the child .	did the animal who the babies have picked see some boy by the child ?
this person who is seeing the people shall call some animal behind the girl .	shall this person who is seeing the people call some animal behind the girl ?
the baby that this horse did watch was picking some horse by the animal .	was the baby that this horse did watch picking some horse by the animal ?
some animals that the person was knowing have read .	have some animals that the person was knowing read ?
some horses that the animals do find were walking .	were some horses that the animals do find walking ?
some baby who those people are feeding has played .	has some baby who those people are feeding played ?
the babies who this horse shall visit are visiting the people that are calling this animal .	are the babies who this horse shall visit visiting the people that are calling this animal ?
some children that shall talk have talked .	have some children that shall talk talked ?
this child that was sleeping did fall .	did this child that was sleeping fall ?
some baby who has read was working .	was some baby who has read working ?
the boys that this animal has helped have sat .	have the boys that this animal has helped sat ?
the baby who is working would fall .	would the baby who is working fall ?
this baby who is knowing some people did sleep .	did this baby who is knowing some people sleep ?
some horses who were feeding the boys have reached some person by those girls .	have some horses who were feeding the boys reached some person by those girls ?
the children who have watched some people were watching those horses .	were the children who have watched some people watching those horses ?
some child that was reading does fall .	does some child that was reading fall ?
those people that would walk did draw .	did those people that would walk draw ?
some babies that did work shall help some people behind the babies .	shall some babies that did work help some people behind the babies ?
some people that some person has known are feeding some people .	are some people that some person has known feeding some people ?
some boys that those animals are helping have slept .	have some boys that those animals are helping slept ?
this baby that this horse has found is seeing the babies .	is this baby that this horse has found seeing the babies ?
some babies that were visiting those horses have worked .	have some babies that were visiting those horses worked ?
the girls that would pick the animals are reaching this girl who does find some horses .	are the girls that would pick the animals reaching this girl who does find some horses ?
the babies who the animal was knowing have sat .	have the babies who the animal was knowing sat ?
those boys who were visiting some children have helped the animal .	have those boys who were visiting some children helped the animal ?
some person who can feed the people does visit those people behind some baby .	does some person who can feed the people visit those people behind some baby ?
those animals who did reach some girl are trying .	are those animals who did reach some girl trying ?
those babies who have sat do visit some boy behind the boys .	do those babies who have sat visit some boy behind the boys ?
the boys who some horses were helping have seen the child .	have the boys who some horses were helping seen the child ?
some babies that are finding those children can help some girl by some girl .	can some babies that are finding those children help some girl by some girl ?
this child that this horse is visiting has called the person that has called some boy .	has this child that this horse is visiting called the person that has called some boy ?
the person that was knowing the boy is working .	is the person that was knowing the boy working ?
this person that the babies were watching was working .	was this person that the babies were watching working ?
this baby who the animal is visiting has tried .	has this baby who the animal is visiting tried ?
the animal that the animals can see did watch this horse behind those animals .	did the animal that the animals can see watch this horse behind those animals ?
this person that some babies were visiting does talk .	does this person that some babies were visiting talk ?
some horse who was siting is finding the animals .	is some horse who was siting finding the animals ?
some girl who is finding the girls has fed some horses behind the girls .	has some girl who is finding the girls fed some horses behind the girls ?
the baby who does watch some animals shall sleep .	shall the baby who does watch some animals sleep ?
some child that some boys would call was sleeping .	was some child that some boys would call sleeping ?
this child who has reached this animal did visit some animal who this girl has watched .	did this child who has reached this animal visit some animal who this girl has watched ?
those babies who are finding some baby shall try .	shall those babies who are finding some baby try ?
those children who are feeding those babies have slept .	have those children who are feeding those babies slept ?
this horse who shall work does sleep .	does this horse who shall work sleep ?
the person that the girls have seen has slept .	has the person that the girls have seen slept ?
the child that has helped some boys did fall .	did the child that has helped some boys fall ?
some horse that the horse would call was watching the boys behind the boys .	was some horse that the horse would call watching the boys behind the boys ?
the baby that would find the babies was playing .	was the baby that would find the babies playing ?
the child who shall find the animal has fed the horses by some babies .	has the child who shall find the animal fed the horses by some babies ?
the girl that some horses were visiting would sleep .	would the girl that some horses were visiting sleep ?
the child who is calling the baby was knowing those girls who are playing .	was the child who is calling the baby knowing those girls who are playing ?
some person that is visiting some baby has slept .	has some person that is visiting some baby slept ?
some boys who this person has reached were talking .	were some boys who this person has reached talking ?
this girl that those horses can see has found the horse that has slept .	has this girl that those horses can see found the horse that has slept ?
the animals that those girls have watched shall play .	shall the animals that those girls have watched play ?
this baby who has found this person is visiting this child that is visiting the babies .	is this baby who has found this person visiting this child that is visiting the babies ?
the animal who does feed the horse was reaching some girl who was helping those animals .	was the animal who does feed the horse reaching some girl who was helping those animals ?
those people that do reach this boy can draw .	can those people that do reach this boy draw ?
this baby who the baby is reaching has tried .	has this baby who the baby is reaching tried ?
this horse who this animal can see was calling those animals .	was this horse who this animal can see calling those animals ?
the person that is playing was knowing the child behind the child .	was the person that is playing knowing the child behind the child ?
this baby that has found the child was visiting this boy .	was this baby that has found the child visiting this boy ?
the baby that does know the babies was falling .	was the baby that does know the babies falling ?
those girls who some horses shall pick were walking .	were those girls who some horses shall pick walking ?
this child that those girls have called does watch those girls behind some animals .	does this child that those girls have called watch those girls behind some animals ?
those children who this animal was visiting would work .	would those children who this animal was visiting work ?
the child who has found the person is finding this animal by some girls .	is the child who has found the person finding this animal by some girls ?
some babies who do feed this girl were trying .	were some babies who do feed this girl trying ?
those people that the girls can help were calling the person .	were those people that the girls can help calling the person ?
some horses that some boy is finding have seen those people .	have some horses that some boy is finding seen those people ?
some girls that some girls would call shall know those girls by some children .	shall some girls that some girls would call know those girls by some children ?
some horses that those children shall see have known this horse behind the girls .	have some horses that those children shall see known this horse behind the girls ?
those people who some animals can call were helping some animal behind some people .	were those people who some animals can call helping some animal behind some people ?
those babies that some child would reach can help those boys behind some horse .	can those babies that some child would reach help those boys behind some horse ?
the horses who this animal has picked do sit .	do the horses who this animal has picked sit ?
the animal that the children do visit has called the person by the person .	has the animal that the children do visit called the person by the person ?
the person that the horses shall watch is walking .	is the person that the horses shall watch walking ?
those children that this boy is feeding have walked .	have those children that this boy is feeding walked ?
the horse who some child has helped was picking some horses by those horses .	was the horse who some child has helped picking some horses by those horses ?
some boys who some babies have picked did pick some horse that has found the person .	did some boys who some babies have picked pick some horse that has found the person ?
the animal who did visit some horse has picked the animals by this person .	has the animal who did visit some horse picked the animals by this person ?
the animal that this girl is helping has fallen .	has the animal that this girl is helping fallen ?
this person who is walking has helped this person by some horse .	has this person who is walking helped this person by some horse ?
some baby that did watch some boys has visited some boys by the girl .	has some baby that did watch some boys visited some boys by the girl ?
those boys that have reached those animals are trying .	are those boys that have reached those animals trying ?
some girl that does visit some baby is talking .	is some girl that does visit some baby talking ?
the children that the animals are finding were drawing .	were the children that the animals are finding drawing ?
this baby who has sat shall talk .	shall this baby who has sat talk ?
the people that shall pick the baby have found some boy that has fed some horses .	have the people that shall pick the baby found some boy that has fed some horses ?
this girl that those babies shall know was sleeping .	was this girl that those babies shall know sleeping ?
the boys that some boys shall pick have seen this boy by the person .	have the boys that some boys shall pick seen this boy by the person ?
some children who do sleep shall find some animals that can help the people .	shall some children who do sleep find some animals that can help the people ?
those people that have fed some people are talking .	are those people that have fed some people talking ?
some people who can help this boy are reading .	are some people who can help this boy reading ?
those animals who are helping the animals shall visit those children behind the boy .	shall those animals who are helping the animals visit those children behind the boy ?
the animal who some people do help has fallen .	has the animal who some people do help fallen ?
some animal who some child has known would fall .	would some animal who some child has known fall ?
some children that were walking would try .	would some children that were walking try ?
some children that were calling the girl shall sleep .	shall some children that were calling the girl sleep ?
some horse who some girls shall visit has picked this child that is knowing the boys .	has some horse who some girls shall visit picked this child that is knowing the boys ?
some boy who the boys would watch was visiting this person who can sit .	was some boy who the boys would watch visiting this person who can sit ?
some horse that did see the boy shall visit those children .	shall some horse that did see the boy visit those children ?
the person that this girl has fed was finding the animals behind some people .	was the person that this girl has fed finding the animals behind some people ?
this boy who has fed the baby does reach those people who some babies have visited .	does this boy who has fed the baby reach those people who some babies have visited ?
the child that this child is helping did try .	did the child that this child is helping try ?
some horses that those babies have called are drawing .	are some horses that those babies have called drawing ?
those horses that were picking some children would play .	would those horses that were picking some children play ?
the baby who has played did find the person behind some animal .	did the baby who has played find the person behind some animal ?
those animals who some babies were seeing are helping some animal .	are those animals who some babies were seeing helping some animal ?
the baby who has seen some people did sleep .	did the baby who has seen some people sleep ?
some baby that the animals are knowing is walking .	is some baby that the animals are knowing walking ?
those boys that have picked some children would sit .	would those boys that have picked some children sit ?
some babies that those horses are visiting did play .	did some babies that those horses are visiting play ?
some boy that shall feed those children has known this animal who is visiting some people .	has some boy that shall feed those children known this animal who is visiting some people ?
some boys that do draw were seeing the child .	were some boys that do draw seeing the child ?
some baby who did find some baby is sleeping .	is some baby who did find some baby sleeping ?
some animal who was calling some horse has drawn .	has some animal who was calling some horse drawn ?
some person that is helping the animal can help those horses .	can some person that is helping the animal help those horses ?
those girls that have played are picking this baby by those babies .	are those girls that have played picking this baby by those babies ?
those boys that are feeding those people shall sleep .	shall those boys that are feeding those people sleep ?
the children who are feeding those babies have fed the person behind some girls .	have the children who are feeding those babies fed the person behind some girls ?
the boy that has helped this girl was picking the people by the girls .	was the boy that has helped this girl picking the people by the girls ?
some boy who the horse did visit has slept .	has some boy who the horse did visit slept ?
this horse who the children have seen did draw .	did this horse who the children have seen draw ?
the boys who this boy would feed have worked .	have the boys who this boy would feed worked ?
the boy who the boy is reaching would try .	would the boy who the boy is reaching try ?
some babies that would reach the animals were working .	were some babies that would reach the animals working ?
some boy that some baby is feeding has found some animals behind the children .	has some boy that some baby is feeding found some animals behind the children ?
the child who was sleeping has drawn .	has the child who was sleeping drawn ?
some boy that some child can reach has slept .	has some boy that some child can reach slept ?
the horses that were calling this horse have played .	have the horses that were calling this horse played ?
the girls who those animals have fed are reading .	are the girls who those animals have fed reading ?
this boy who has walked can try .	can this boy who has walked try ?
those children that some children have watched are falling .	are those children that some children have watched falling ?
the girls who this horse has found were trying .	were the girls who this horse has found trying ?
some boys who the baby has fed do feed some boys by some children .	do some boys who the baby has fed feed some boys by some children ?
this child who those babies have known does play .	does this child who those babies have known play ?
this girl that does fall was watching some people .	was this girl that does fall watching some people ?
the animals who the boys shall pick were finding those animals behind those people .	were the animals who the boys shall pick finding those animals behind those people ?
this person that the horse was finding has tried .	has this person that the horse was finding tried ?
the animals who the baby was seeing are trying .	are the animals who the baby was seeing trying ?
those girls who do read have reached the animals who the girl is calling .	have those girls who do read reached the animals who the girl is calling ?
some boy that the children were feeding has fed some child .	has some boy that the children were feeding fed some child ?
the children that are finding some baby can help some child by this boy .	can the children that are finding some baby help some child by this boy ?
some babies who would walk shall read .	shall some babies who would walk read ?
some people who the animal was feeding have fallen .	have some people who the animal was feeding fallen ?
the babies that were visiting the horses do visit those girls .	do the babies that were visiting the horses visit those girls ?
those girls who have found some animals shall help some child .	shall those girls who have found some animals help some child ?
this horse who those boys are helping does play .	does this horse who those boys are helping play ?
the animal that some girl did know has found the babies by some girls .	has the animal that some girl did know found the babies by some girls ?
the baby who was reading has played .	has the baby who was reading played ?
this boy who some animals are watching can sleep .	can this boy who some animals are watching sleep ?
this person who does call some person has seen the girl .	has this person who does call some person seen the girl ?
this boy that some animals have known shall sit .	shall this boy that some animals have known sit ?
some horse who has picked the child can play .	can some horse who has picked the child play ?
the animal that the horses are watching was feeding some person by the girl .	was the animal that the horses are watching feeding some person by the girl ?
the horses that the boys do reach have fallen .	have the horses that the boys do reach fallen ?
some child who is reaching this girl can sit .	can some child who is reaching this girl sit ?
this baby that has helped some horses is working .	is this baby that has helped some horses working ?
some girl that has visited this person would find some girl .	would some girl that has visited this person find some girl ?
those boys who some baby has helped have reached some animals that have found those children .	have those boys who some baby has helped reached some animals that have found those children ?
the girl that would fall has picked those boys that those girls do feed .	has the girl that would fall picked those boys that those girls do feed ?
some girls that this horse does know have known the girls behind some horse .	have some girls that this horse does know known the girls behind some horse ?
some babies who would help this person are calling those people by those animals .	are some babies who would help this person calling those people by those animals ?
the child that those horses have watched shall watch the horses .	shall the child that those horses have watched watch the horses ?
some babies who are seeing the babies were seeing the horse by the animal .	were some babies who are seeing the babies seeing the horse by the animal ?
some animal who the animal has watched is talking .	is some animal who the animal has watched talking ?
those babies who did find the animal would feed those horses behind this girl .	would those babies who did find the animal feed those horses behind this girl ?
those people that some boys have reached can feed some child who is working .	can those people that some boys have reached feed some child who is working ?
those children who this person has helped shall see some babies that have seen those children .	shall those children who this person has helped see some babies that have seen those children ?
the child that is falling has visited the horses .	has the child that is falling visited the horses ?
some girl who the boys shall call is talking .	is some girl who the boys shall call talking ?
some horse that those children can call would sleep .	would some horse that those children can call sleep ?
the babies that have called the boys would sleep .	would the babies that have called the boys sleep ?
the girls who some girls have known were calling the children behind the animals .	were the girls who some girls have known calling the children behind the animals ?
the animal that the horses have picked is sleeping .	is the animal that the horses have picked sleeping ?
those people that shall find the animal are trying .	are those people that shall find the animal trying ?
this child that some girls have reached is drawing .	is this child that some girls have reached drawing ?
some horse who is watching the horse was walking .	was some horse who is watching the horse walking ?
this horse who those animals have seen has fallen .	has this horse who those animals have seen fallen ?
the boys that this horse does call have played .	have the boys that this horse does call played ?
some horse that some people were seeing did help this child behind some boys .	did some horse that some people were seeing help this child behind some boys ?
some boys that shall watch those girls would sit .	would some boys that shall watch those girls sit ?
the animal who did visit those people was seeing some girl .	was the animal who did visit those people seeing some girl ?
those babies that this child does visit were watching some animals .	were those babies that this child does visit watching some animals ?
this horse who was watching some animal has fallen .	has this horse who was watching some animal fallen ?
some boys that this boy shall feed are feeding this animal who has fallen .	are some boys that this boy shall feed feeding this animal who has fallen ?
this girl that has seen those horses is drawing .	is this girl that has seen those horses drawing ?
the babies who some boy has fed are visiting some babies by some horses .	are the babies who some boy has fed visiting some babies by some horses ?
some animals who some animal has found were falling .	were some animals who some animal has found falling ?
some girls that do find the children have fallen .	have some girls that do find the children fallen ?
the animals who this horse would help have called some people .	have the animals who this horse would help called some people ?
the animal who is feeding the babies was knowing some animal by some boys .	was the animal who is feeding the babies knowing some animal by some boys ?
those people who have called the child can know some girls behind the animal .	can those people who have called the child know some girls behind the animal ?
some baby that would work has fed some person that some boy is knowing .	has some baby that would work fed some person that some boy is knowing ?
the baby that shall talk is reaching those people .	is the baby that shall talk reaching those people ?
the boys who were finding those people have walked .	have the boys who were finding those people walked ?
this animal that those animals did call was falling .	was this animal that those animals did call falling ?
the animals that the horse shall pick have talked .	have the animals that the horse shall pick talked ?
the babies that have found those horses can pick the children behind this animal .	can the babies that have found those horses pick the children behind this animal ?
those girls who were playing are reading .	are those girls who were playing reading ?
this horse who would talk shall watch some boys by the babies .	shall this horse who would talk watch some boys by the babies ?
this horse that did watch this child has fallen .	has this horse that did watch this child fallen ?
some babies who were knowing those girls do walk .	do some babies who were knowing those girls walk ?
the child who some horse has known is visiting this baby behind some boys .	is the child who some horse has known visiting this baby behind some boys ?
the horses that are finding this child have drawn .	have the horses that are finding this child drawn ?
some boys that the boy was seeing shall read .	shall some boys that the boy was seeing read ?
some babies who the horses did find have found some children behind the horses .	have some babies who the horses did find found some children behind the horses ?
the boys who were seeing some person would draw .	would the boys who were seeing some person draw ?
some child that has fed some boys shall walk .	shall some child that has fed some boys walk ?
those girls that have seen this horse are walking .	are those girls that have seen this horse walking ?
the girl that those boys were reaching has fallen .	has the girl that those boys were reaching fallen ?
this boy that has visited the people did watch the babies by the horse .	did this boy that has visited the people watch the babies by the horse ?
the horses who did know this boy can draw .	can the horses who did know this boy draw ?
this animal who was playing did talk .	did this animal who was playing talk ?
the boys who some children are finding have tried .	have the boys who some children are finding tried ?
those girls that were feeding the animals do visit the girls who those horses are reaching .	do those girls that were feeding the animals visit the girls who those horses are reaching ?
some horses who are seeing the person have helped some child .	have some horses who are seeing the person helped some child ?
this baby that those children have called can walk .	can this baby that those children have called walk ?
those boys who some babies did pick do read .	do those boys who some babies did pick read ?
this boy that shall pick the baby has reached the children .	has this boy that shall pick the baby reached the children ?
the people that have found some girls were working .	were the people that have found some girls working ?
the animals who have called some children did pick this baby behind some babies .	did the animals who have called some children pick this baby behind some babies ?
some people that those girls have fed do visit those babies .	do some people that those girls have fed visit those babies ?
some children that the children were helping can pick this person by this horse .	can some children that the children were helping pick this person by this horse ?
the person who shall pick the baby is finding this girl by those people .	is the person who shall pick the baby finding this girl by those people ?
this person who has watched those girls did work .	did this person who has watched those girls work ?
some baby that has visited this horse was knowing this boy behind those children .	was some baby that has visited this horse knowing this boy behind those children ?
the babies who the children can visit have slept .	have the babies who the children can visit slept ?
some people who have read were siting .	were some people who have read siting ?
the horses who have fallen do draw .	do the horses who have fallen draw ?
some child that is trying has sat .	has some child that is trying sat ?
the children who this baby has found were calling some girl behind the horses .	were the children who this baby has found calling some girl behind the horses ?
the animal that would know the horses was drawing .	was the animal that would know the horses drawing ?
some girls that have helped those girls would fall .	would some girls that have helped those girls fall ?
the girl who would see this baby was reading .	was the girl who would see this baby reading ?
this child that is visiting some children can sit .	can this child that is visiting some children sit ?
the people who some person has known are talking .	are the people who some person has known talking ?
the animals that did help this animal have slept .	have the animals that did help this animal slept ?
the girls that did watch the child have watched the animals .	have the girls that did watch the child watched the animals ?
this girl who shall see the person can play .	can this girl who shall see the person play ?
this horse that the horses are watching shall call the baby .	shall this horse that the horses are watching call the baby ?
this baby that this person has called is feeding this boy that this girl has picked .	is this baby that this person has called feeding this boy that this girl has picked ?
some people that some boy is reaching have called this child behind the person .	have some people that some boy is reaching called this child behind the person ?
this child who can sleep is trying .	is this child who can sleep trying ?
this child that has seen some baby shall sit .	shall this child that has seen some baby sit ?
the people who this baby did pick have called this horse behind some girls .	have the people who this baby did pick called this horse behind some girls ?
some boy who the babies are reaching has fallen .	has some boy who the babies are reaching fallen ?
the boys who were helping the baby have tried .	have the boys who were helping the baby tried ?
the child who some baby shall find was sleeping .	was the child who some baby shall find sleeping ?
the boys that some child can call have slept .	have the boys that some child can call slept ?
those people who are drawing have seen this person behind some animal .	have those people who are drawing seen this person behind some animal ?
those boys that were working have known the baby by the child .	have those boys that were working known the baby by the child ?
this horse who the boy was feeding has walked .	has this horse who the boy was feeding walked ?
those animals who this child is visiting are trying .	are those animals who this child is visiting trying ?
this animal who the boy is calling can fall .	can this animal who the boy is calling fall ?
the animals who are visiting the boys do help this baby .	do the animals who are visiting the boys help this baby ?
the people that have sat would read .	would the people that have sat read ?
the child that has tried was reaching some girl that has fed the horse .	was the child that has tried reaching some girl that has fed the horse ?
some girls who do pick those people shall sit .	shall some girls who do pick those people sit ?
this boy that has drawn does reach those horses behind some girls .	does this boy that has drawn reach those horses behind some girls ?
some people who are picking the animals shall pick the boy that is reaching those boys .	shall some people who are picking the animals pick the boy that is reaching those boys ?
some babies who have known this girl did walk .	did some babies who have known this girl walk ?
some child who can feed those animals has fed those animals by this person .	has some child who can feed those animals fed those animals by this person ?
some girls who those girls did reach do try .	do some girls who those girls did reach try ?
the babies who the people do help were picking some person who the babies have fed .	were the babies who the people do help picking some person who the babies have fed ?
some babies that are finding some babies can watch some horse behind those boys .	can some babies that are finding some babies watch some horse behind those boys ?
those boys who the children are picking have read .	have those boys who the children are picking read ?
this child who those animals were picking can try .	can this child who those animals were picking try ?
some girls who were working have slept .	have some girls who were working slept ?
those animals who were helping the baby have watched this person behind some children .	have those animals who were helping the baby watched this person behind some children ?
the child that those horses are watching did sleep .	did the child that those horses are watching sleep ?
those babies who can see the person have tried .	have those babies who can see the person tried ?
those babies who do visit this horse would watch some person behind those people .	would those babies who do visit this horse watch some person behind those people ?
this girl who the horse has watched did watch this child by some horses .	did this girl who the horse has watched watch this child by some horses ?
the horse that has seen the animals was helping some boys that some children shall see .	was the horse that has seen the animals helping some boys that some children shall see ?
this animal that the boys were finding has found some girls who the girls would help .	has this animal that the boys were finding found some girls who the girls would help ?
some people that do fall have worked .	have some people that do fall worked ?
some girl who is visiting those children did try .	did some girl who is visiting those children try ?
some boy that would know the children has drawn .	has some boy that would know the children drawn ?
the girl that this boy has helped was watching some person by some animals .	was the girl that this boy has helped watching some person by some animals ?
this baby who has fed the boy is seeing the baby .	is this baby who has fed the boy seeing the baby ?
the child that was playing would walk .	would the child that was playing walk ?
some boys who the people were reaching have fed this boy .	have some boys who the people were reaching fed this boy ?
the people that would see the babies do find the horses behind the boys .	do the people that would see the babies find the horses behind the boys ?
some boys that do see this boy did read .	did some boys that do see this boy read ?
this person who has picked those children shall call those boys by the baby .	shall this person who has picked those children call those boys by the baby ?
the boys that can feed this child are working .	are the boys that can feed this child working ?
some girl who those horses are reaching has worked .	has some girl who those horses are reaching worked ?
the person that some children have found has fallen .	has the person that some children have found fallen ?
those people who have seen the boys can try .	can those people who have seen the boys try ?
those girls who some boy has picked have picked the girls who have slept .	have those girls who some boy has picked picked the girls who have slept ?
those children who shall pick some boy did find this person that those people shall help .	did those children who shall pick some boy find this person that those people shall help ?
some horse who the children shall know was calling the girl behind this baby .	was some horse who the children shall know calling the girl behind this baby ?
some people that shall feed some person did try .	did some people that shall feed some person try ?
some girl who was calling those boys has tried .	has some girl who was calling those boys tried ?
some boys who have slept were helping those babies that those boys do watch .	were some boys who have slept helping those babies that those boys do watch ?
the horse that shall see some child was finding this girl who was feeding the baby .	was the horse that shall see some child finding this girl who was feeding the baby ?
this horse who some animals have visited does try .	does this horse who some animals have visited try ?
the people who this person can call do sit .	do the people who this person can call sit ?
some girl that is calling some boys would see this baby .	would some girl that is calling some boys see this baby ?
those boys who can pick the animal were helping some boy behind those animals .	were those boys who can pick the animal helping some boy behind those animals ?
some baby that was sleeping has seen those horses behind the girl .	has some baby that was sleeping seen those horses behind the girl ?
the girls that were picking this baby have visited some animals that this child has fed .	have the girls that were picking this baby visited some animals that this child has fed ?
some children who have drawn are talking .	are some children who have drawn talking ?
some boys that were calling this child would help this child behind the girl .	would some boys that were calling this child help this child behind the girl ?
the horse that is calling some animals has walked .	has the horse that is calling some animals walked ?
some children who some children are watching have drawn .	have some children who some children are watching drawn ?
this boy who has found those boys did draw .	did this boy who has found those boys draw ?
the boys who the girls have fed were watching some children .	were the boys who the girls have fed watching some children ?
some girls that were helping the children did walk .	did some girls that were helping the children walk ?
the people that the girls did pick can reach those children by the babies .	can the people that the girls did pick reach those children by the babies ?
some horses that some horses are watching have played .	have some horses that some horses are watching played ?
the girl that some babies can feed is playing .	is the girl that some babies can feed playing ?
the boys who have called this animal can fall .	can the boys who have called this animal fall ?
the animal that some boys were knowing was sleeping .	was the animal that some boys were knowing sleeping ?
some person who some baby is feeding was finding some boy behind the person .	was some person who some baby is feeding finding some boy behind the person ?
this boy who is playing has watched some babies behind this animal .	has this boy who is playing watched some babies behind this animal ?
this animal who those boys have helped does walk .	does this animal who those boys have helped walk ?
some babies who this girl is knowing would talk .	would some babies who this girl is knowing talk ?
the horse that the girl has picked does work .	does the horse that the girl has picked work ?
those girls that some babies would find have talked .	have those girls that some babies would find talked ?
this boy that some babies have visited would see some children that did pick the boys .	would this boy that some babies have visited see some children that did pick the boys ?
some baby that those people shall watch did read .	did some baby that those people shall watch read ?
this person who would pick some boy shall sleep .	shall this person who would pick some boy sleep ?
the people that some person has found have visited the child behind this animal .	have the people that some person has found visited the child behind this animal ?
the child that has walked is reading .	is the child that has walked reading ?
some baby that those girls have helped would help the boy by this baby .	would some baby that those girls have helped help the boy by this baby ?
some person who is feeding some person shall fall .	shall some person who is feeding some person fall ?
this boy who has read is visiting some baby .	is this boy who has read visiting some baby ?
the babies who this horse is feeding are playing .	are the babies who this horse is feeding playing ?
this person that those people were reaching would watch those boys .	would this person that those people were reaching watch those boys ?
the horse who the horses are watching has walked .	has the horse who the horses are watching walked ?
some child who does see some boys has fed this horse that some girls shall see .	has some child who does see some boys fed this horse that some girls shall see ?
the boys who are reaching some animal did reach the animal .	did the boys who are reaching some animal reach the animal ?
those girls that some person is finding have read .	have those girls that some person is finding read ?
those boys that some animal can help are siting .	are those boys that some animal can help siting ?
the horse who some boys can watch has called those children that some children do visit .	has the horse who some boys can watch called those children that some children do visit ?
some animal who is seeing the boy did play .	did some animal who is seeing the boy play ?
this boy who the animals have reached can help the person who was picking some baby .	can this boy who the animals have reached help the person who was picking some baby ?
this horse that those boys were picking did feed the boy by the girl .	did this horse that those boys were picking feed the boy by the girl ?
some girls that are reading can work .	can some girls that are reading work ?
the person that has fallen did pick this animal who was drawing .	did the person that has fallen pick this animal who was drawing ?
those babies who some child is calling can help some boys by some people .	can those babies who some child is calling help some boys by some people ?
some child who those people can pick was trying .	was some child who those people can pick trying ?
those people that some person did reach can call those horses by the boy .	can those people that some person did reach call those horses by the boy ?
some girl who was visiting this person has tried .	has some girl who was visiting this person tried ?
those boys that were reaching this baby do pick this person that has picked the horses .	do those boys that were reaching this baby pick this person that has picked the horses ?
this horse who did find the babies is calling the animals by those babies .	is this horse who did find the babies calling the animals by those babies ?
some animal who has walked does fall .	does some animal who has walked fall ?
this animal who has read can see the person behind some boy .	can this animal who has read see the person behind some boy ?
the babies that some children were watching are walking .	are the babies that some children were watching walking ?
some children that were picking the animals do sleep .	do some children that were picking the animals sleep ?
some person that did feed some baby shall sleep .	shall some person that did feed some baby sleep ?
some boy who some girls are calling did watch this girl behind the animals .	did some boy who some girls are calling watch this girl behind the animals ?
some people who some boys would see are walking .	are some people who some boys would see walking ?
some children that this boy was finding have fed the horses who those boys have found .	have some children that this boy was finding fed the horses who those boys have found ?
some girls that this boy was helping shall help those horses who the babies are helping .	shall some girls that this boy was helping help those horses who the babies are helping ?
some babies who the girl is helping have known some boy behind some child .	have some babies who the girl is helping known some boy behind some child ?
some girl that the child was calling would work .	would some girl that the child was calling work ?
this person that can watch the horse did see this baby .	did this person that can watch the horse see this baby ?
this girl who some boy would reach has watched the child by the person .	has this girl who some boy would reach watched the child by the person ?
this girl that those animals do pick has worked .	has this girl that those animals do pick worked ?
those horses that have found the horses are seeing the boy by some babies .	are those horses that have found the horses seeing the boy by some babies ?
those girls that were working have seen the baby who shall call some horses .	have those girls that were working seen the baby who shall call some horses ?
some animal who was reaching some people does sleep .	does some animal who was reaching some people sleep ?
the baby who has helped some animal is falling .	is the baby who has helped some animal falling ?
the boys that can read are sleeping .	are the boys that can read sleeping ?
some person that the baby did help was talking .	was some person that the baby did help talking ?
some boys who this child was visiting were finding the children by some horse .	were some boys who this child was visiting finding the children by some horse ?
some horses that are drawing were calling some boy .	were some horses that are drawing calling some boy ?
some horse who some people were seeing can help the girl by some horses .	can some horse who some people were seeing help the girl by some horses ?
some animals who shall talk have worked .	have some animals who shall talk worked ?
the person that some girl would visit is calling those girls by some animals .	is the person that some girl would visit calling those girls by some animals ?
the baby who was picking the person has tried .	has the baby who was picking the person tried ?
the babies that some people shall help are siting .	are the babies that some people shall help siting ?
some girls that this girl does reach shall draw .	shall some girls that this girl does reach draw ?
those animals who shall feed some people are playing .	are those animals who shall feed some people playing ?
this girl that shall watch the boy has drawn .	has this girl that shall watch the boy drawn ?
this girl that did sit shall play .	shall this girl that did sit play ?
this girl that the horses have called has fallen .	has this girl that the horses have called fallen ?
this horse who would try shall reach some girl who has visited some horses .	shall this horse who would try reach some girl who has visited some horses ?
some people who have fed some horses were reading .	were some people who have fed some horses reading ?
the child who can pick those animals is seeing the children .	is the child who can pick those animals seeing the children ?
the child that is reaching the girl has read .	has the child that is reaching the girl read ?
some girls that some girls have seen did work .	did some girls that some girls have seen work ?
some children that did find those boys have drawn .	have some children that did find those boys drawn ?
the boy that some person does pick did know this person that some boy would watch .	did the boy that some person does pick know this person that some boy would watch ?
the babies that some animals have known can call the child that the person is reaching .	can the babies that some animals have known call the child that the person is reaching ?
those horses who those animals do call have drawn .	have those horses who those animals do call drawn ?
some person that was watching some boys has watched the people that shall visit the babies .	has some person that was watching some boys watched the people that shall visit the babies ?
those people that do pick some child were working .	were those people that do pick some child working ?
the girls that were visiting the animals are reaching the person by the boys .	are the girls that were visiting the animals reaching the person by the boys ?
this boy who those animals are seeing is picking the babies by the children .	is this boy who those animals are seeing picking the babies by the children ?
those babies who some girl has called do draw .	do those babies who some girl has called draw ?
some girl who is calling the horses has seen some child behind the horses .	has some girl who is calling the horses seen some child behind the horses ?
some boys who have walked were trying .	were some boys who have walked trying ?
some baby that some girls have visited has tried .	has some baby that some girls have visited tried ?
some people who do feed the horse can read .	can some people who do feed the horse read ?
some horses that the people were finding are falling .	are some horses that the people were finding falling ?
the animals who the girl was picking have talked .	have the animals who the girl was picking talked ?
this child that does know those animals was working .	was this child that does know those animals working ?
some horses that have fallen are reading .	are some horses that have fallen reading ?
some horse that the animals are calling shall reach the children by the horse .	shall some horse that the animals are calling reach the children by the horse ?
some animals who have fed the people do walk .	do some animals who have fed the people walk ?
this child who some boys are calling is working .	is this child who some boys are calling working ?
some boy who was falling has worked .	has some boy who was falling worked ?
the boy who has known some child would pick those boys by some boy .	would the boy who has known some child pick those boys by some boy ?
the children who were watching some girl can read .	can the children who were watching some girl read ?
the girls that this girl is picking have watched this animal by some girl .	have the girls that this girl is picking watched this animal by some girl ?
the horse that was picking those animals has walked .	has the horse that was picking those animals walked ?
the animals that did try can watch the girls behind the horses .	can the animals that did try watch the girls behind the horses ?
some person that those people have helped was finding those babies that some child has called .	was some person that those people have helped finding those babies that some child has called ?
those boys who the people would watch were picking those babies that have visited this baby .	were those boys who the people would watch picking those babies that have visited this baby ?
the children that this horse did find have fed some girls .	have the children that this horse did find fed some girls ?
the child that has read is reaching some babies behind some children .	is the child that has read reaching some babies behind some children ?
this baby that the animals are finding was calling this baby .	was this baby that the animals are finding calling this baby ?
this child that those children do help has visited this person by this animal .	has this child that those children do help visited this person by this animal ?
those girls that are drawing were finding the animals behind the horses .	were those girls that are drawing finding the animals behind the horses ?
the horses that have talked were drawing .	were the horses that have talked drawing ?
some horses that do visit this horse have picked the animal that has seen the baby .	have some horses that do visit this horse picked the animal that has seen the baby ?
this horse that the babies shall watch would play .	would this horse that the babies shall watch play ?
those boys that would try have read .	have those boys that would try read ?
some girls that were walking have watched some animals that have drawn .	have some girls that were walking watched some animals that have drawn ?
those animals that would see this animal have reached those girls by some animals .	have those animals that would see this animal reached those girls by some animals ?
the boy who those animals are feeding has drawn .	has the boy who those animals are feeding drawn ?
some horse that this girl can see has tried .	has some horse that this girl can see tried ?
those babies who do help the girls have played .	have those babies who do help the girls played ?
some horse that was reading has tried .	has some horse that was reading tried ?
some person that some animal is reaching was finding this baby who the people were visiting .	was some person that some animal is reaching finding this baby who the people were visiting ?
some horse that does pick those children can visit the boys that are knowing those animals .	can some horse that does pick those children visit the boys that are knowing those animals ?
some horse who those boys were finding did know the people by some children .	did some horse who those boys were finding know the people by some children ?
the baby who this boy was reaching has found some girl who can see the horses .	has the baby who this boy was reaching found some girl who can see the horses ?
the child that does find this girl has fed this boy behind those horses .	has the child that does find this girl fed this boy behind those horses ?
some children who are calling those children have talked .	have some children who are calling those children talked ?
the horses that those horses would see were siting .	were the horses that those horses would see siting ?
some babies that are reaching some babies can help those boys who were visiting this girl .	can some babies that are reaching some babies help those boys who were visiting this girl ?
some people who would feed the girls are calling some people who some baby is finding .	are some people who would feed the girls calling some people who some baby is finding ?
the babies that are calling those animals were drawing .	were the babies that are calling those animals drawing ?
the person who the boys were visiting does pick some baby by the person .	does the person who the boys were visiting pick some baby by the person ?
the baby that shall reach the baby would sleep .	would the baby that shall reach the baby sleep ?
the girls that some person did reach have sat .	have the girls that some person did reach sat ?
this child that can feed this horse was seeing the girls who did feed those animals .	was this child that can feed this horse seeing the girls who did feed those animals ?
some children that have watched those boys shall know those horses by some people .	shall some children that have watched those boys know those horses by some people ?
some animals that some boys are calling have tried .	have some animals that some boys are calling tried ?
some children that some baby has seen would watch this girl that is talking .	would some children that some baby has seen watch this girl that is talking ?
the boy who would reach the girl has walked .	has the boy who would reach the girl walked ?
the horses that have found those children can read .	can the horses that have found those children read ?
the child who this horse does find has walked .	has the child who this horse does find walked ?
some girls who can play shall walk .	shall some girls who can play walk ?
some boys that do reach some person were trying .	were some boys that do reach some person trying ?
this girl that has picked some child is falling .	is this girl that has picked some child falling ?
those children that have slept do fall .	do those children that have slept fall ?
some boy that has slept did pick this baby by those people .	did some boy that has slept pick this baby by those people ?
some boy that the children would feed has seen some person who some children are reaching .	has some boy that the children would feed seen some person who some children are reaching ?
some boy who some boys have watched has helped the horses .	has some boy who some boys have watched helped the horses ?
the girl that is helping this animal can talk .	can the girl that is helping this animal talk ?
this horse that would visit this horse is finding those horses behind some boy .	is this horse that would visit this horse finding those horses behind some boy ?
the people who the baby would reach did know some person who this animal would reach .	did the people who the baby would reach know some person who this animal would reach ?
the child who this horse was reaching did play .	did the child who this horse was reaching play ?
some horses that some girl shall help have picked the boy .	have some horses that some girl shall help picked the boy ?
this person who this girl was knowing shall sleep .	shall this person who this girl was knowing sleep ?
the horse who has picked the horse can play .	can the horse who has picked the horse play ?
the horses who were picking the animals have watched the boys .	have the horses who were picking the animals watched the boys ?
this girl that some child has fed is working .	is this girl that some child has fed working ?
this animal who did fall does see some girl by the baby .	does this animal who did fall see some girl by the baby ?
some child who the horses would pick is working .	is some child who the horses would pick working ?
some person that those girls do help was calling some babies by some babies .	was some person that those girls do help calling some babies by some babies ?
some girl that did talk has slept .	has some girl that did talk slept ?
the boy that the horses have reached has reached some horse who the animal shall pick .	has the boy that the horses have reached reached some horse who the animal shall pick ?
the children that the girl is watching were reading .	were the children that the girl is watching reading ?
this person who has worked is finding those girls behind some boys .	is this person who has worked finding those girls behind some boys ?
some horse who is trying has tried .	has some horse who is trying tried ?
the boy who does watch the horses would play .	would the boy who does watch the horses play ?
the animal that would call those babies has played .	has the animal that would call those babies played ?
the people who have seen the animal are playing .	are the people who have seen the animal playing ?
the person that the girls were finding has watched some baby by those children .	has the person that the girls were finding watched some baby by those children ?
some boy who this girl has reached was watching the children by those children .	was some boy who this girl has reached watching the children by those children ?
the horses that have fallen can try .	can the horses that have fallen try ?
this horse that the children have seen does feed this boy .	does this horse that the children have seen feed this boy ?
those animals that are falling have watched some animals behind those animals .	have those animals that are falling watched some animals behind those animals ?
some children that this horse has known were drawing .	were some children that this horse has known drawing ?
some horse that did try has visited those animals behind the baby .	has some horse that did try visited those animals behind the baby ?
some child who would watch those girls is talking .	is some child who would watch those girls talking ?
some child that some animal was knowing has reached some child .	has some child that some animal was knowing reached some child ?
this boy that does call this child is calling the horses behind this girl .	is this boy that does call this child calling the horses behind this girl ?
some horses that the babies do reach can visit the animal .	can some horses that the babies do reach visit the animal ?
some boys who the person can help have played .	have some boys who the person can help played ?
some girl who the child would pick shall know some person who was watching this baby .	shall some girl who the child would pick know some person who was watching this baby ?
the girls who are reaching the horse were working .	were the girls who are reaching the horse working ?
the horses who can pick this baby have worked .	have the horses who can pick this baby worked ?
those horses that those girls were finding are helping the baby .	are those horses that those girls were finding helping the baby ?
the animal that was watching the girls is playing .	is the animal that was watching the girls playing ?
the girl who would help some girl has drawn .	has the girl who would help some girl drawn ?
the girls that can work did call some girl behind some boys .	did the girls that can work call some girl behind some boys ?
this boy who has walked is knowing the animal who shall reach the horse .	is this boy who has walked knowing the animal who shall reach the horse ?
the girl that this boy is reaching has slept .	has the girl that this boy is reaching slept ?
the animal who is sleeping shall call the person .	shall the animal who is sleeping call the person ?
the boy that those babies are watching would sit .	would the boy that those babies are watching sit ?
this child that some babies have reached was siting .	was this child that some babies have reached siting ?
the girl that has sat is feeding this boy .	is the girl that has sat feeding this boy ?
the animals who did see the horses do help some children behind this boy .	do the animals who did see the horses help some children behind this boy ?
this child that those girls have helped is walking .	is this child that those girls have helped walking ?
the baby that is helping the boy can work .	can the baby that is helping the boy work ?
some horses that the horses did help were visiting the girl that was seeing some girls .	were some horses that the horses did help visiting the girl that was seeing some girls ?
the animals who the animals shall call have helped some people by some boys .	have the animals who the animals shall call helped some people by some boys ?
those children that the girls have seen were feeding this horse .	were those children that the girls have seen feeding this horse ?
the children that the child is picking would find the girls by this boy .	would the children that the child is picking find the girls by this boy ?
some boys that those people have known would sit .	would some boys that those people have known sit ?
some people that were falling would draw .	would some people that were falling draw ?
some boys that some horse has watched have talked .	have some boys that some horse has watched talked ?
some animals that are working have picked some child behind this horse .	have some animals that are working picked some child behind this horse ?
some animal that some baby did visit is watching those babies behind this girl .	is some animal that some baby did visit watching those babies behind this girl ?
this child who some person was helping has called some boys by the horse .	has this child who some person was helping called some boys by the horse ?
the boys that those people are picking have read .	have the boys that those people are picking read ?
this girl that has watched the horse did see the horse .	did this girl that has watched the horse see the horse ?
some children that were walking can talk .	can some children that were walking talk ?
some boy who was watching those girls shall read .	shall some boy who was watching those girls read ?
those babies that this horse is watching are helping the animals behind the child .	are those babies that this horse is watching helping the animals behind the child ?
some girls that have called the horses do feed those children .	do some girls that have called the horses feed those children ?
those horses that some girl has seen are falling .	are those horses that some girl has seen falling ?
this animal that some child is finding has seen this horse behind some boys .	has this animal that some child is finding seen this horse behind some boys ?
some girls who this child was feeding shall sit .	shall some girls who this child was feeding sit ?
this girl who does read has helped some animals .	has this girl who does read helped some animals ?
those babies who the horse has reached have visited the children by the girls .	have those babies who the horse has reached visited the children by the girls ?
the babies that some horses have fed were drawing .	were the babies that some horses have fed drawing ?
this boy who shall draw has helped this child .	has this boy who shall draw helped this child ?
those people that can call some girl are sleeping .	are those people that can call some girl sleeping ?
some boys who shall pick those animals have found the animals that were reaching some people .	have some boys who shall pick those animals found the animals that were reaching some people ?
the animal who has fed some boys was calling some children behind the baby .	was the animal who has fed some boys calling some children behind the baby ?
the baby that the baby was reaching has worked .	has the baby that the baby was reaching worked ?
this baby who has walked can feed those horses that have reached those horses .	can this baby who has walked feed those horses that have reached those horses ?
this person who was talking can read .	can this person who was talking read ?
those animals that those horses have called shall feed some person by the girl .	shall those animals that those horses have called feed some person by the girl ?
the people who those boys have known did reach those children behind this person .	did the people who those boys have known reach those children behind this person ?
those babies that are drawing were sleeping .	were those babies that are drawing sleeping ?
the animals who the boy does find are sleeping .	are the animals who the boy does find sleeping ?
the baby who has picked the horse shall sit .	shall the baby who has picked the horse sit ?
this child who has watched this baby did feed some animals who some horse can help .	did this child who has watched this baby feed some animals who some horse can help ?
the animal that is feeding those animals does watch some people by the girl .	does the animal that is feeding those animals watch some people by the girl ?
this boy that some animals have fed has read .	has this boy that some animals have fed read ?
this animal who some animal has reached can try .	can this animal who some animal has reached try ?
some girls who some horse has seen shall know those animals .	shall some girls who some horse has seen know those animals ?
some horses that this person has called have walked .	have some horses that this person has called walked ?
the people who those horses have watched shall play .	shall the people who those horses have watched play ?
the child who has known those boys would pick those horses behind the people .	would the child who has known those boys pick those horses behind the people ?
the people who those children have watched did try .	did the people who those children have watched try ?
this child that has tried is walking .	is this child that has tried walking ?
this boy that shall watch some horse was drawing .	was this boy that shall watch some horse drawing ?
some people who some animal can see did sit .	did some people who some animal can see sit ?
some person who has visited those animals is siting .	is some person who has visited those animals siting ?
the horse that was watching some girls has slept .	has the horse that was watching some girls slept ?
this horse that can pick those people has drawn .	has this horse that can pick those people drawn ?
some child who this baby has reached was seeing the horse who has talked .	was some child who this baby has reached seeing the horse who has talked ?
some boys who the boys were watching do pick some girl behind some child .	do some boys who the boys were watching pick some girl behind some child ?
this horse that some animal was visiting has drawn .	has this horse that some animal was visiting drawn ?
some child that does know some boy shall visit some child by the boys .	shall some child that does know some boy visit some child by the boys ?
some animal that has called those horses is finding the children that the horse does reach .	is some animal that has called those horses finding the children that the horse does reach ?
this child who was walking has talked .	has this child who was walking talked ?
the horse who can help the child shall play .	shall the horse who can help the child play ?
those people who are helping the animal can know the people behind some children .	can those people who are helping the animal know the people behind some children ?
this animal that the people were watching is reading .	is this animal that the people were watching reading ?
some boy that the animal was finding did know those babies by those horses .	did some boy that the animal was finding know those babies by those horses ?
those people that some animals did visit would see the baby .	would those people that some animals did visit see the baby ?
some animal who was falling has tried .	has some animal who was falling tried ?
the babies who some baby can feed are drawing .	are the babies who some baby can feed drawing ?
some girls who the girl was watching are finding this animal .	are some girls who the girl was watching finding this animal ?
the animal who has called those children was drawing .	was the animal who has called those children drawing ?
the girls that did know some children are playing .	are the girls that did know some children playing ?
some babies that those animals can feed are talking .	are some babies that those animals can feed talking ?
the horses who the children have visited are playing .	are the horses who the children have visited playing ?
some person who the animal did call has drawn .	has some person who the animal did call drawn ?
some child that this horse does feed has sat .	has some child that this horse does feed sat ?
this boy who this person did find shall fall .	shall this boy who this person did find fall ?
the girls that the child did feed have called some girls by some child .	have the girls that the child did feed called some girls by some child ?
some girl who has helped the animals would find the people by the animals .	would some girl who has helped the animals find the people by the animals ?
those girls who those animals have known are finding this baby by some horse .	are those girls who those animals have known finding this baby by some horse ?
the animal that would find the children has found this person .	has the animal that would find the children found this person ?
some baby that some girl was seeing would know some girls .	would some baby that some girl was seeing know some girls ?
some girls who have fed the person do talk .	do some girls who have fed the person talk ?
this baby who was talking has picked this animal by those boys .	has this baby who was talking picked this animal by those boys ?
this girl who has seen some boys can feed the girl behind those babies .	can this girl who has seen some boys feed the girl behind those babies ?
some animals who were drawing are siting .	are some animals who were drawing siting ?
the children who the baby has watched can call this baby who shall draw .	can the children who the baby has watched call this baby who shall draw ?
the girl that was calling this animal does work .	does the girl that was calling this animal work ?
some animal that was trying is feeding the babies who some animal is finding .	is some animal that was trying feeding the babies who some animal is finding ?
the boys who were calling some animals can find some people that have fallen .	can the boys who were calling some animals find some people that have fallen ?
those people that some baby is finding are walking .	are those people that some baby is finding walking ?
this girl who has fed the girl did draw .	did this girl who has fed the girl draw ?
some horse who was siting would reach the horses behind this animal .	would some horse who was siting reach the horses behind this animal ?
some girl who this girl has called shall draw .	shall some girl who this girl has called draw ?
the people who have walked did work .	did the people who have walked work ?
those people who shall watch some child have helped this child who does reach the baby .	have those people who shall watch some child helped this child who does reach the baby ?
some children that some child was visiting have helped some girl that was trying .	have some children that some child was visiting helped some girl that was trying ?
the horses who have read would call those people behind some horses .	would the horses who have read call those people behind some horses ?
this horse who would reach the children has known the babies by some baby .	has this horse who would reach the children known the babies by some baby ?
some boys that some person is reaching have talked .	have some boys that some person is reaching talked ?
some person that does visit this child shall find the girl by the children .	shall some person that does visit this child find the girl by the children ?
the girl who the horses would help has sat .	has the girl who the horses would help sat ?
some children who some person has reached do reach the people who some animals have fed .	do some children who some person has reached reach the people who some animals have fed ?
this person who would visit this baby can reach some animals by some girls .	can this person who would visit this baby reach some animals by some girls ?
some boys that those babies are picking shall know some babies behind those boys .	shall some boys that those babies are picking know some babies behind those boys ?
the people who would feed the girl have seen those people by this boy .	have the people who would feed the girl seen those people by this boy ?
the animals who did visit the girls are finding some children behind some animal .	are the animals who did visit the girls finding some children behind some animal ?
the person who the children are seeing was drawing .	was the person who the children are seeing drawing ?
some babies who would call some child were drawing .	were some babies who would call some child drawing ?
the boy that is seeing those children does talk .	does the boy that is seeing those children talk ?
some child who can know some baby was reaching those babies by some baby .	was some child who can know some baby reaching those babies by some baby ?
the child who some animal did see has reached the children that were helping those children .	has the child who some animal did see reached the children that were helping those children ?
the person that some boys would visit was visiting some people .	was the person that some boys would visit visiting some people ?
this person who this horse was helping is walking .	is this person who this horse was helping walking ?
this boy that this animal has reached shall see this girl behind those horses .	shall this boy that this animal has reached see this girl behind those horses ?
the animals that are visiting this animal were reaching those girls .	were the animals that are visiting this animal reaching those girls ?
the boy who some babies have fed would read .	would the boy who some babies have fed read ?
the girl who this person was picking would find some horses behind some people .	would the girl who this person was picking find some horses behind some people ?
this person that this horse would find shall fall .	shall this person that this horse would find fall ?
some babies who this girl is finding have played .	have some babies who this girl is finding played ?
the boy who was working has picked the people behind those boys .	has the boy who was working picked the people behind those boys ?
the boys who this animal is visiting have watched those people by some horses .	have the boys who this animal is visiting watched those people by some horses ?
some boys who shall visit this horse were falling .	were some boys who shall visit this horse falling ?
some girl that can pick the horses shall sit .	shall some girl that can pick the horses sit ?
this animal that was picking some people has visited some horses that do talk .	has this animal that was picking some people visited some horses that do talk ?
this child who is visiting some animal has tried .	has this child who is visiting some animal tried ?
some child that the people are finding would read .	would some child that the people are finding read ?
some child who the baby does find did work .	did some child who the baby does find work ?
those boys who have slept were playing .	were those boys who have slept playing ?
the boys that the boy was watching would draw .	would the boys that the boy was watching draw ?
those children who shall sleep are watching those babies by some person .	are those children who shall sleep watching those babies by some person ?
the girl who this baby is calling was playing .	was the girl who this baby is calling playing ?
those boys who this child was reaching have walked .	have those boys who this child was reaching walked ?
this horse that this child has seen is knowing those people by some horses .	is this horse that this child has seen knowing those people by some horses ?
the children that the animal has watched did pick some boys .	did the children that the animal has watched pick some boys ?
some girl that some horses are seeing was talking .	was some girl that some horses are seeing talking ?
those animals that have helped some babies are reaching those children that the children have reached .	are those animals that have helped some babies reaching those children that the children have reached ?
the girl that the people have known has tried .	has the girl that the people have known tried ?
this horse who does find the animals has visited the babies that are falling .	has this horse who does find the animals visited the babies that are falling ?
the animals that are knowing the girl would watch some animal .	would the animals that are knowing the girl watch some animal ?
some babies who this child was helping were reading .	were some babies who this child was helping reading ?
the boys that shall fall can pick the girl behind some animals .	can the boys that shall fall pick the girl behind some animals ?
the girls that have tried did sleep .	did the girls that have tried sleep ?
those girls who can watch the horses do feed this horse by the child .	do those girls who can watch the horses feed this horse by the child ?
the people who were trying have watched those horses who have played .	have the people who were trying watched those horses who have played ?
this horse who the baby has seen does pick some babies by some child .	does this horse who the baby has seen pick some babies by some child ?
the child that has picked the horse is trying .	is the child that has picked the horse trying ?
this person who has visited those people can help the person that would play .	can this person who has visited those people help the person that would play ?
the baby who has watched some animal does sit .	does the baby who has watched some animal sit ?
those boys that would reach this animal have found the child by the baby .	have those boys that would reach this animal found the child by the baby ?
the baby who those animals are reaching shall help this girl by some horses .	shall the baby who those animals are reaching help this girl by some horses ?
some children who are drawing do fall .	do some children who are drawing fall ?
those boys that some people can call are trying .	are those boys that some people can call trying ?
those girls who have known this horse are walking .	are those girls who have known this horse walking ?
those babies that those babies are watching have slept .	have those babies that those babies are watching slept ?
this girl who was seeing some child has played .	has this girl who was seeing some child played ?
those boys that were reading do try .	do those boys that were reading try ?
those girls that were finding this child do work .	do those girls that were finding this child work ?
some person who can find the animal has visited this boy that some person can see .	has some person who can find the animal visited this boy that some person can see ?
some boy that some people have fed is reaching those babies .	is some boy that some people have fed reaching those babies ?
the animals who can find some person would fall .	would the animals who can find some person fall ?
the people that were visiting this person did sit .	did the people that were visiting this person sit ?
those children that those children did watch have read .	have those children that those children did watch read ?
those boys that the animals did know have fallen .	have those boys that the animals did know fallen ?
the baby that did call some baby is sleeping .	is the baby that did call some baby sleeping ?
the boy that has walked was trying .	was the boy that has walked trying ?
this person that those animals shall call has called this baby by this girl .	has this person that those animals shall call called this baby by this girl ?
those people who some person can visit are watching the horses by this girl .	are those people who some person can visit watching the horses by this girl ?
some girl that was finding the animals can feed this child .	can some girl that was finding the animals feed this child ?
the horses that are seeing the horses shall read .	shall the horses that are seeing the horses read ?
some animals that the girls did watch were reading .	were some animals that the girls did watch reading ?
some animals that do know some children are calling some baby by the baby .	are some animals that do know some children calling some baby by the baby ?
this person who is reaching some girls has helped some horses that have worked .	has this person who is reaching some girls helped some horses that have worked ?
the person who would read has picked some horses by those animals .	has the person who would read picked some horses by those animals ?
the animals that have known some baby were siting .	were the animals that have known some baby siting ?
the animals that the people have helped were reading .	were the animals that the people have helped reading ?
the child who can pick those girls shall watch this horse who can work .	shall the child who can pick those girls watch this horse who can work ?
the person who did read is helping some horse .	is the person who did read helping some horse ?
some horses who some child was finding have read .	have some horses who some child was finding read ?
the animal that was calling some children is helping those boys who have known this boy .	is the animal that was calling some children helping those boys who have known this boy ?
some child who has reached some girls was seeing some girl behind some girls .	was some child who has reached some girls seeing some girl behind some girls ?
the babies that the children were visiting can watch some person behind the boys .	can the babies that the children were visiting watch some person behind the boys ?
those horses who have picked the girls can talk .	can those horses who have picked the girls talk ?
this baby who can reach this child has helped those babies by the horse .	has this baby who can reach this child helped those babies by the horse ?
the child who has called this girl was talking .	was the child who has called this girl talking ?
the boy who those animals are calling can help those boys .	can the boy who those animals are calling help those boys ?
those children who this person would reach shall pick some baby behind the horses .	shall those children who this person would reach pick some baby behind the horses ?
the people who those people were calling do play .	do the people who those people were calling play ?
some girls that the boy was visiting were visiting the animals behind the animals .	were some girls that the boy was visiting visiting the animals behind the animals ?
the horses who this person has fed shall call those people .	shall the horses who this person has fed call those people ?
some girls who those boys shall feed are feeding the baby by the person .	are some girls who those boys shall feed feeding the baby by the person ?
this girl that some horse did help can find those babies by some horse .	can this girl that some horse did help find those babies by some horse ?
this baby who the boys can reach does watch some girls .	does this baby who the boys can reach watch some girls ?
some baby who those children are helping is watching some horses .	is some baby who those children are helping watching some horses ?
the child that is walking has fed some baby behind the children .	has the child that is walking fed some baby behind the children ?
the boy that is picking some boys has known some girl .	has the boy that is picking some boys known some girl ?
the horses that were knowing this horse can see the boys behind this child .	can the horses that were knowing this horse see the boys behind this child ?
those girls that some children are finding were siting .	were those girls that some children are finding siting ?
this animal who was sleeping has helped the girls .	has this animal who was sleeping helped the girls ?
some horse that some animals are reaching can work .	can some horse that some animals are reaching work ?
this boy who can watch some boy was visiting the horses behind some animal .	was this boy who can watch some boy visiting the horses behind some animal ?
the boys who are watching some person have read .	have the boys who are watching some person read ?
some horses who can help some boys shall read .	shall some horses who can help some boys read ?
some girl who some girl has picked is seeing those people behind the children .	is some girl who some girl has picked seeing those people behind the children ?
those babies that can feed this animal have played .	have those babies that can feed this animal played ?
this boy who has walked is feeding those babies who some horse was visiting .	is this boy who has walked feeding those babies who some horse was visiting ?
those children who have known this boy can draw .	can those children who have known this boy draw ?
some girl that has known some babies can try .	can some girl that has known some babies try ?
those horses who can walk were visiting the baby by some horse .	were those horses who can walk visiting the baby by some horse ?
the horses who are helping some babies have tried .	have the horses who are helping some babies tried ?
the people who this girl has found were working .	were the people who this girl has found working ?
the people that would play did fall .	did the people that would play fall ?
some horses that have reached the person are working .	are some horses that have reached the person working ?
some girl that did visit some horses is talking .	is some girl that did visit some horses talking ?
those girls that those animals are finding have called those animals by the baby .	have those girls that those animals are finding called those animals by the baby ?
those boys that have walked would draw .	would those boys that have walked draw ?
the baby that was reaching this horse has known the girl by the animal .	has the baby that was reaching this horse known the girl by the animal ?
the horses that the girl is visiting have visited some babies .	have the horses that the girl is visiting visited some babies ?
some boy who this animal is feeding did call this girl .	did some boy who this animal is feeding call this girl ?
this girl who has reached those animals was picking some boys who the girls shall know .	was this girl who has reached those animals picking some boys who the girls shall know ?
some animals who do pick those boys have seen some girl .	have some animals who do pick those boys seen some girl ?
the boy who those people would feed is helping some people .	is the boy who those people would feed helping some people ?
those animals who this person has seen would reach some horses behind some horses .	would those animals who this person has seen reach some horses behind some horses ?
this child who has reached the animal did see those people .	did this child who has reached the animal see those people ?
the animal who has visited the horse can talk .	can the animal who has visited the horse talk ?
the baby that some baby has found shall talk .	shall the baby that some baby has found talk ?
some baby that is knowing those babies has walked .	has some baby that is knowing those babies walked ?
some animal that those horses did watch can draw .	can some animal that those horses did watch draw ?
those children who the child was helping are watching some boys behind some baby .	are those children who the child was helping watching some boys behind some baby ?
those babies who have found the children were talking .	were those babies who have found the children talking ?
this girl who has walked does sleep .	does this girl who has walked sleep ?
some animal that those babies are calling is helping those people that are finding the person .	is some animal that those babies are calling helping those people that are finding the person ?
some girl who would try is seeing those babies who were reaching this boy .	is some girl who would try seeing those babies who were reaching this boy ?
those people that the horse has watched were visiting some animal behind some boys .	were those people that the horse has watched visiting some animal behind some boys ?
those boys who have visited those babies are playing .	are those boys who have visited those babies playing ?
those babies that are watching some people have sat .	have those babies that are watching some people sat ?
this horse who this person has fed shall try .	shall this horse who this person has fed try ?
the baby who the horse has picked did know the horses that did feed some child .	did the baby who the horse has picked know the horses that did feed some child ?
some horse that the child shall see does feed some girl by the boy .	does some horse that the child shall see feed some girl by the boy ?
some horse that shall pick some boy has sat .	has some horse that shall pick some boy sat ?
some people that the horse would see did sleep .	did some people that the horse would see sleep ?
this child that did visit the animals was finding the child who the people have helped .	was this child that did visit the animals finding the child who the people have helped ?
some horses that do see some boys would sit .	would some horses that do see some boys sit ?
the horses that did watch the children shall know some children behind this animal .	shall the horses that did watch the children know some children behind this animal ?
some person who is drawing shall watch some babies by this person .	shall some person who is drawing watch some babies by this person ?
some child that those animals have fed would draw .	would some child that those animals have fed draw ?
some babies that are visiting some boy have fed some animal behind some babies .	have some babies that are visiting some boy fed some animal behind some babies ?
some baby who some horses were picking is knowing those horses by some child .	is some baby who some horses were picking knowing those horses by some child ?
the boy that does feed this child is helping those animals .	is the boy that does feed this child helping those animals ?
some horse who has called some girl is calling the animals that the horses have helped .	is some horse who has called some girl calling the animals that the horses have helped ?
the child who did visit those babies has seen some people .	has the child who did visit those babies seen some people ?
the boys who some child was helping have known this animal by the girl .	have the boys who some child was helping known this animal by the girl ?
the boy that would watch this horse is calling some child behind the girl .	is the boy that would watch this horse calling some child behind the girl ?
those babies who were sleeping are falling .	are those babies who were sleeping falling ?
this child that those people are watching shall sleep .	shall this child that those people are watching sleep ?
this girl that those animals were visiting did work .	did this girl that those animals were visiting work ?
the animals that would play were working .	were the animals that would play working ?
those people that this animal has known have slept .	have those people that this animal has known slept ?
the horses who would know some boy do see some girls behind this person .	do the horses who would know some boy see some girls behind this person ?
those children who some animal has called do fall .	do those children who some animal has called fall ?
the babies who have fed those babies are trying .	are the babies who have fed those babies trying ?
this animal that was picking the horses can find the people that some boy shall visit .	can this animal that was picking the horses find the people that some boy shall visit ?
the horses who shall sit have worked .	have the horses who shall sit worked ?
those children that some children have watched were sleeping .	were those children that some children have watched sleeping ?
the horse that would know this baby has walked .	has the horse that would know this baby walked ?
some child who did visit the girls does read .	does some child who did visit the girls read ?
the boy that was feeding some girls does walk .	does the boy that was feeding some girls walk ?
some children that are calling this baby would talk .	would some children that are calling this baby talk ?
some baby that has walked was playing .	was some baby that has walked playing ?
those babies that were watching those babies are watching those boys by the animals .	are those babies that were watching those babies watching those boys by the animals ?
those horses that shall try can see the horse by those horses .	can those horses that shall try see the horse by those horses ?
those animals that did help those girls have worked .	have those animals that did help those girls worked ?
some animal that has known this baby does know this boy behind some girls .	does some animal that has known this baby know this boy behind some girls ?
the children that the person did visit have walked .	have the children that the person did visit walked ?
the baby who some animals have watched has picked those animals .	has the baby who some animals have watched picked those animals ?
some baby who some people are picking was calling some children .	was some baby who some people are picking calling some children ?
some child that does reach some people was helping some boys by those animals .	was some child that does reach some people helping some boys by those animals ?
this boy who some children have helped was calling some horse by those people .	was this boy who some children have helped calling some horse by those people ?
the children that have watched the girl shall help this animal who those boys have found .	shall the children that have watched the girl help this animal who those boys have found ?
some boys who are playing have walked .	have some boys who are playing walked ?
this girl who the child does watch did call some boy .	did this girl who the child does watch call some boy ?
those horses that the child has seen are trying .	are those horses that the child has seen trying ?
some horses who did know the boy have fallen .	have some horses who did know the boy fallen ?
the children that some animals have watched were talking .	were the children that some animals have watched talking ?
some person who is finding this girl has fed this animal by some children .	has some person who is finding this girl fed this animal by some children ?
some horse who has known some boy would feed this girl that does help those girls .	would some horse who has known some boy feed this girl that does help those girls ?
some people that the children were helping are helping this girl by some horses .	are some people that the children were helping helping this girl by some horses ?
those people who the person can help were feeding the horse by some child .	were those people who the person can help feeding the horse by some child ?
the person who some people have seen shall call those boys behind those girls .	shall the person who some people have seen call those boys behind those girls ?
the child that the animal is reaching did see those people .	did the child that the animal is reaching see those people ?
the girls that those babies shall see were talking .	were the girls that those babies shall see talking ?
this child who can read was picking the horses behind the babies .	was this child who can read picking the horses behind the babies ?
some horses who shall see some girls can walk .	can some horses who shall see some girls walk ?
some babies who those people can find were reaching those babies who are feeding some boy .	were some babies who those people can find reaching those babies who are feeding some boy ?
this boy who shall find the girl was seeing those children behind this baby .	was this boy who shall find the girl seeing those children behind this baby ?
the animals who shall feed those horses have reached those babies that some baby was reaching .	have the animals who shall feed those horses reached those babies that some baby was reaching ?
some child who those babies do visit has drawn .	has some child who those babies do visit drawn ?
some people that are playing have worked .	have some people that are playing worked ?
the babies who some children were finding would see this baby who is calling some girls .	would the babies who some children were finding see this baby who is calling some girls ?
those boys that the children have called can sleep .	can those boys that the children have called sleep ?
some child who this girl shall watch was feeding some babies .	was some child who this girl shall watch feeding some babies ?
some girl that shall try has tried .	has some girl that shall try tried ?
the girls who those horses are knowing have helped those people .	have the girls who those horses are knowing helped those people ?
those horses who some animal was picking do find the babies .	do those horses who some animal was picking find the babies ?
some child who was knowing some girl has reached those animals behind some girl .	has some child who was knowing some girl reached those animals behind some girl ?
this child who shall talk is helping the boys .	is this child who shall talk helping the boys ?
some babies that have read shall walk .	shall some babies that have read walk ?
the people who can feed some horse have talked .	have the people who can feed some horse talked ?
the person who was walking has sat .	has the person who was walking sat ?
some children who have played were reaching some boy by the girl .	were some children who have played reaching some boy by the girl ?
some children who some boy shall know have reached some children by this animal .	have some children who some boy shall know reached some children by this animal ?
this baby who was seeing some animals has known some horses behind the person .	has this baby who was seeing some animals known some horses behind the person ?
the girl who the baby would find does help some girl by some boy .	does the girl who the baby would find help some girl by some boy ?
this horse who was seeing the people has played .	has this horse who was seeing the people played ?
the children that have watched this girl were working .	were the children that have watched this girl working ?
some babies that the children shall know can read .	can some babies that the children shall know read ?
those horses who were playing do sit .	do those horses who were playing sit ?
this baby that can reach the horses did walk .	did this baby that can reach the horses walk ?
the person that would help this boy was playing .	was the person that would help this boy playing ?
this person who was seeing the boys shall visit the horses behind some person .	shall this person who was seeing the boys visit the horses behind some person ?
this girl who did know some girl was reading .	was this girl who did know some girl reading ?
those animals that are feeding those people have visited some girl by the child .	have those animals that are feeding those people visited some girl by the child ?
some animal who some girls would find is reaching some animal by some people .	is some animal who some girls would find reaching some animal by some people ?
the horse who has fed some horse is seeing the children by some girls .	is the horse who has fed some horse seeing the children by some girls ?
the baby that those animals would visit was reading .	was the baby that those animals would visit reading ?
the horses who are visiting this animal did pick some babies that can visit some child .	did the horses who are visiting this animal pick some babies that can visit some child ?
this baby who this girl shall call is talking .	is this baby who this girl shall call talking ?
some girls who were calling those girls would work .	would some girls who were calling those girls work ?
this horse that those children can see shall see some boys by the boy .	shall this horse that those children can see see some boys by the boy ?
those girls that did feed the person have talked .	have those girls that did feed the person talked ?
the horse that was watching some babies has slept .	has the horse that was watching some babies slept ?
some child that did play is calling some animals who did call the horse .	is some child that did play calling some animals who did call the horse ?
the babies that are seeing this horse have tried .	have the babies that are seeing this horse tried ?
this boy who was watching the boy has tried .	has this boy who was watching the boy tried ?
the animal who was finding some horses shall read .	shall the animal who was finding some horses read ?
those girls who those animals have watched would read .	would those girls who those animals have watched read ?
the animals who the child has visited have tried .	have the animals who the child has visited tried ?
the baby that shall see the horse was siting .	was the baby that shall see the horse siting ?
this boy who is watching this baby can reach the babies behind those horses .	can this boy who is watching this baby reach the babies behind those horses ?
some animals who have walked are finding some children behind some boys .	are some animals who have walked finding some children behind some boys ?
this girl who some animals would feed was picking those girls who shall play .	was this girl who some animals would feed picking those girls who shall play ?
those animals who have picked the horses can reach the person who those horses would visit .	can those animals who have picked the horses reach the person who those horses would visit ?
some person who those horses have helped would see the children behind some person .	would some person who those horses have helped see the children behind some person ?
the child who can see the animal is knowing those babies by the animals .	is the child who can see the animal knowing those babies by the animals ?
this baby that the girls have seen was reading .	was this baby that the girls have seen reading ?
some babies that have worked can fall .	can some babies that have worked fall ?
the animal that some people are feeding does draw .	does the animal that some people are feeding draw ?
some person that was reaching some person is helping the babies .	is some person that was reaching some person helping the babies ?
some animal that is working would work .	would some animal that is working work ?
the child who has visited the horses did walk .	did the child who has visited the horses walk ?
the boy that some boys have fed has known this person by the animals .	has the boy that some boys have fed known this person by the animals ?
those animals who those people would help shall help those horses who did work .	shall those animals who those people would help help those horses who did work ?
some children who some horse did know have walked .	have some children who some horse did know walked ?
some babies who those horses are feeding have drawn .	have some babies who those horses are feeding drawn ?
the girl who the boys have fed has slept .	has the girl who the boys have fed slept ?
some animals who were seeing some children are working .	are some animals who were seeing some children working ?
some babies that were finding this boy are walking .	are some babies that were finding this boy walking ?
those animals that are helping some baby did reach the girl .	did those animals that are helping some baby reach the girl ?
the girls that the girl is calling can call some children behind those boys .	can the girls that the girl is calling call some children behind those boys ?
the baby who has fallen is sleeping .	is the baby who has fallen sleeping ?
some horses that were reaching some girl have watched some girl by the girls .	have some horses that were reaching some girl watched some girl by the girls ?
some girls who did sit would pick the girl who has known those children .	would some girls who did sit pick the girl who has known those children ?
this girl who was helping some babies can fall .	can this girl who was helping some babies fall ?
some children that the girls did see were walking .	were some children that the girls did see walking ?
some child that has helped some person is playing .	is some child that has helped some person playing ?
some boy who the child is helping does watch some boy .	does some boy who the child is helping watch some boy ?
the girls that are reaching the horse have slept .	have the girls that are reaching the horse slept ?
the girls that have picked this child are visiting the boys by some baby .	are the girls that have picked this child visiting the boys by some baby ?
the girl who is finding this person can talk .	can the girl who is finding this person talk ?
some boys who the baby is reaching are sleeping .	are some boys who the baby is reaching sleeping ?
some boy that the boys were finding is finding those people behind those girls .	is some boy that the boys were finding finding those people behind those girls ?
the animals that would see this horse have helped some children who have picked the animal .	have the animals that would see this horse helped some children who have picked the animal ?
the babies who would call the boys were working .	were the babies who would call the boys working ?
some animals who are feeding some boy have drawn .	have some animals who are feeding some boy drawn ?
the boy that does call those children has found some person by the girls .	has the boy that does call those children found some person by the girls ?
this horse who some animal would find has fed the babies behind the baby .	has this horse who some animal would find fed the babies behind the baby ?
the child that some children are knowing was feeding those animals behind some babies .	was the child that some children are knowing feeding those animals behind some babies ?
some animal that is reaching the baby was playing .	was some animal that is reaching the baby playing ?
those girls that this horse shall call were reaching those boys behind some babies .	were those girls that this horse shall call reaching those boys behind some babies ?
this horse who the girls are finding did find those children that some baby does feed .	did this horse who the girls are finding find those children that some baby does feed ?
some babies that the horses are visiting did talk .	did some babies that the horses are visiting talk ?
some animals who are visiting those people have helped those horses that did fall .	have some animals who are visiting those people helped those horses that did fall ?
some child who the baby is calling did read .	did some child who the baby is calling read ?
some horses that the girls were reaching have tried .	have some horses that the girls were reaching tried ?
the baby who was sleeping has visited those boys behind those people .	has the baby who was sleeping visited those boys behind those people ?
this animal that was trying has read .	has this animal that was trying read ?
the animals that have known some children can reach the children .	can the animals that have known some children reach the children ?
this baby who the horses are knowing was seeing some people behind some babies .	was this baby who the horses are knowing seeing some people behind some babies ?
those girls who are seeing this boy have slept .	have those girls who are seeing this boy slept ?
some children who have talked were knowing the people behind some baby .	were some children who have talked knowing the people behind some baby ?
some children that shall try have found some person that this boy is reaching .	have some children that shall try found some person that this boy is reaching ?
the baby who has found some boy was helping the animals behind some child .	was the baby who has found some boy helping the animals behind some child ?
this animal that would reach the children can sleep .	can this animal that would reach the children sleep ?
the animal that the animal was visiting is finding the animals .	is the animal that the animal was visiting finding the animals ?
some person who was watching this boy has played .	has some person who was watching this boy played ?
some animal who this girl was finding does watch some babies .	does some animal who this girl was finding watch some babies ?
the animal that this baby does pick has watched those babies who those boys have found .	has the animal that this baby does pick watched those babies who those boys have found ?
some child who was calling the babies has played .	has some child who was calling the babies played ?
some animal who would help some boy does read .	does some animal who would help some boy read ?
this girl who did feed some boy can sit .	can this girl who did feed some boy sit ?
the person who is walking has helped some person by some animal .	has the person who is walking helped some person by some animal ?
some babies that were watching this baby would pick some children that some girl does call .	would some babies that were watching this baby pick some children that some girl does call ?
this baby who some boy can see was talking .	was this baby who some boy can see talking ?
this baby who can play does work .	does this baby who can play work ?
the animals who would work can know the person by some boys .	can the animals who would work know the person by some boys ?
this girl who some horses have helped shall reach the animal that does try .	shall this girl who some horses have helped reach the animal that does try ?
some person who is drawing has called this person behind those people .	has some person who is drawing called this person behind those people ?
some boy who the horses are calling is knowing the horses that have reached the girls .	is some boy who the horses are calling knowing the horses that have reached the girls ?
the child who would reach this boy was walking .	was the child who would reach this boy walking ?
this child that those babies can see has sat .	has this child that those babies can see sat ?
this baby that the animals are reaching was siting .	was this baby that the animals are reaching siting ?
this boy that the boy shall visit has played .	has this boy that the boy shall visit played ?
some horses that the horse has visited can draw .	can some horses that the horse has visited draw ?
those babies that can watch the babies are siting .	are those babies that can watch the babies siting ?
this boy that some girls have visited has walked .	has this boy that some girls have visited walked ?
some child that has seen those girls does feed the boy who has visited the babies .	does some child that has seen those girls feed the boy who has visited the babies ?
the animals that have watched some boy did pick this child by the children .	did the animals that have watched some boy pick this child by the children ?
those babies that the animal can pick are sleeping .	are those babies that the animal can pick sleeping ?
the boy who those boys were seeing was watching some people .	was the boy who those boys were seeing watching some people ?
those animals that are reading did fall .	did those animals that are reading fall ?
the child who those people would pick was sleeping .	was the child who those people would pick sleeping ?
those horses who the animals have known are reading .	are those horses who the animals have known reading ?
the horse who has slept is finding the animal .	is the horse who has slept finding the animal ?
some horse who the girls were finding is helping this girl who some girls were knowing .	is some horse who the girls were finding helping this girl who some girls were knowing ?
the people who have called this boy are reaching some person that has picked the horses .	are the people who have called this boy reaching some person that has picked the horses ?
this person that the animal has seen did fall .	did this person that the animal has seen fall ?
the horse that some person can reach shall visit the baby .	shall the horse that some person can reach visit the baby ?
the babies that do fall are walking .	are the babies that do fall walking ?
the babies who those children are visiting shall feed some babies who would sit .	shall the babies who those children are visiting feed some babies who would sit ?
some person who some horse has seen can reach this animal behind the girl .	can some person who some horse has seen reach this animal behind the girl ?
those babies that the horse would watch are talking .	are those babies that the horse would watch talking ?
this animal who is calling some babies does work .	does this animal who is calling some babies work ?
those horses that some horses can call have watched some baby who some girls did watch .	have those horses that some horses can call watched some baby who some girls did watch ?
some person that is knowing some girl has fallen .	has some person that is knowing some girl fallen ?
some animals who have talked shall play .	shall some animals who have talked play ?
some boys that some child does watch have sat .	have some boys that some child does watch sat ?
this child that has visited those animals is trying .	is this child that has visited those animals trying ?
those children that are falling were visiting some person .	were those children that are falling visiting some person ?
those people that have visited some baby did visit the girls behind the girls .	did those people that have visited some baby visit the girls behind the girls ?
those horses that have called those babies are falling .	are those horses that have called those babies falling ?
the person that was visiting those boys shall visit the children by some people .	shall the person that was visiting those boys visit the children by some people ?
some people that this person has called shall draw .	shall some people that this person has called draw ?
the horse that the animal would find has seen some babies behind some children .	has the horse that the animal would find seen some babies behind some children ?
some babies that do draw would pick some animal by some animal .	would some babies that do draw pick some animal by some animal ?
some animals who have known some horse did read .	did some animals who have known some horse read ?
the girls who do call this person have visited some girl that some girls are seeing .	have the girls who do call this person visited some girl that some girls are seeing ?
some animals who some girl has known would see those children .	would some animals who some girl has known see those children ?
some girl who is siting has walked .	has some girl who is siting walked ?
some babies that were working did walk .	did some babies that were working walk ?
this person that does feed the horse was helping some children who are helping the people .	was this person that does feed the horse helping some children who are helping the people ?
this girl that has picked this baby is trying .	is this girl that has picked this baby trying ?
the animal that is finding the horses can find the horse that did draw .	can the animal that is finding the horses find the horse that did draw ?
the horse that was calling some boys has walked .	has the horse that was calling some boys walked ?
some girls that have known the baby are finding this animal behind the baby .	are some girls that have known the baby finding this animal behind the baby ?
some girls who would visit this person have called some animal by some baby .	have some girls who would visit this person called some animal by some baby ?
the boys who this horse is picking were siting .	were the boys who this horse is picking siting ?
this horse that those girls shall visit was picking some person behind the horse .	was this horse that those girls shall visit picking some person behind the horse ?
some baby that would call the child has slept .	has some baby that would call the child slept ?
the baby who has watched some animal did sit .	did the baby who has watched some animal sit ?
this animal that does help some animals was talking .	was this animal that does help some animals talking ?
those girls who have sat do sleep .	do those girls who have sat sleep ?
those girls who have visited some boys are calling some horses who do see some horses .	are those girls who have visited some boys calling some horses who do see some horses ?
the boy that has tried would visit those horses by those boys .	would the boy that has tried visit those horses by those boys ?
some boys who are seeing the horses were talking .	were some boys who are seeing the horses talking ?
some person who the person would see is sleeping .	is some person who the person would see sleeping ?
the boy that would draw is helping those babies by this animal .	is the boy that would draw helping those babies by this animal ?
the boy that can find some children has reached those boys behind this baby .	has the boy that can find some children reached those boys behind this baby ?
the person who did know this child is picking some animal who some girls were feeding .	is the person who did know this child picking some animal who some girls were feeding ?
some children who do watch some child are drawing .	are some children who do watch some child drawing ?
those children who have known those people shall watch some girls that some animals are calling .	shall those children who have known those people watch some girls that some animals are calling ?
some child that shall feed some people has watched the girls that the baby was visiting .	has some child that shall feed some people watched the girls that the baby was visiting ?
this child that the children did watch would read .	would this child that the children did watch read ?
the child that has known the boy is playing .	is the child that has known the boy playing ?
the babies that are watching some girl have drawn .	have the babies that are watching some girl drawn ?
some animal who is watching the horse has slept .	has some animal who is watching the horse slept ?
some horse who some child has visited would pick the girl .	would some horse who some child has visited pick the girl ?
the boys who the animal would find have sat .	have the boys who the animal would find sat ?
those horses who some child has seen did watch the person who the people were visiting .	did those horses who some child has seen watch the person who the people were visiting ?
the animals that the girl was reaching have drawn .	have the animals that the girl was reaching drawn ?
some babies who were reading shall draw .	shall some babies who were reading draw ?
some person that this child was knowing is reaching the animals behind the animals .	is some person that this child was knowing reaching the animals behind the animals ?
some people who the person can reach were reading .	were some people who the person can reach reading ?
this girl who does find those girls would reach those boys .	would this girl who does find those girls reach those boys ?
this person that those horses did call is knowing the boy who is feeding this girl .	is this person that those horses did call knowing the boy who is feeding this girl ?
some boys who have known this child did feed the animal .	did some boys who have known this child feed the animal ?
some people that have walked were helping some boy behind some girls .	were some people that have walked helping some boy behind some girls ?
some girl that those children do help can play .	can some girl that those children do help play ?
those horses that shall visit the child were seeing the person .	were those horses that shall visit the child seeing the person ?
the baby that those girls did know has helped the boys behind those girls .	has the baby that those girls did know helped the boys behind those girls ?
some girl who has picked the girls does draw .	does some girl who has picked the girls draw ?
some girls who the people have called are seeing this boy by the babies .	are some girls who the people have called seeing this boy by the babies ?
some animals that are siting were reading .	were some animals that are siting reading ?
the animals who are watching those animals have helped this person behind those people .	have the animals who are watching those animals helped this person behind those people ?
this boy that has fed the horse can see the animal by this horse .	can this boy that has fed the horse see the animal by this horse ?
the horse that has visited this girl was feeding the animals that can sit .	was the horse that has visited this girl feeding the animals that can sit ?
some horse who shall sit does find those children by those babies .	does some horse who shall sit find those children by those babies ?
the animal who has read can walk .	can the animal who has read walk ?
some animal that shall find the girls has fed the children behind this person .	has some animal that shall find the girls fed the children behind this person ?
some child who did visit those girls does talk .	does some child who did visit those girls talk ?
the horse who did talk would help the children that have found this animal .	would the horse who did talk help the children that have found this animal ?
the people who have picked the children shall sleep .	shall the people who have picked the children sleep ?
this horse that the girl was knowing can sleep .	can this horse that the girl was knowing sleep ?
some babies that some boy has picked have visited some baby behind this person .	have some babies that some boy has picked visited some baby behind this person ?
the girls who have seen some baby do draw .	do the girls who have seen some baby draw ?
those boys that some girls would find did read .	did those boys that some girls would find read ?
the person that the baby has visited did reach some children behind this baby .	did the person that the baby has visited reach some children behind this baby ?
those horses who do sit are working .	are those horses who do sit working ?
those people who did play are falling .	are those people who did play falling ?
this horse that the boys can help does walk .	does this horse that the boys can help walk ?
those children that the girl did reach would watch some horse behind this boy .	would those children that the girl did reach watch some horse behind this boy ?
some boys who the boy did reach were seeing some boy .	were some boys who the boy did reach seeing some boy ?
the horses that were reaching the horse do call some person that does find the animal .	do the horses that were reaching the horse call some person that does find the animal ?
this boy that shall reach this boy has found the children behind the children .	has this boy that shall reach this boy found the children behind the children ?
those girls that would work are siting .	are those girls that would work siting ?
some girls that are working have reached the boy by the animal .	have some girls that are working reached the boy by the animal ?
the child that has played shall work .	shall the child that has played work ?
some boys that some people do feed have worked .	have some boys that some people do feed worked ?
those boys that were knowing this girl did watch the people by the animal .	did those boys that were knowing this girl watch the people by the animal ?
those children who shall draw were knowing some animals behind those children .	were those children who shall draw knowing some animals behind those children ?
this baby that would pick some girls has seen some child by those animals .	has this baby that would pick some girls seen some child by those animals ?
this animal who has seen some babies is reading .	is this animal who has seen some babies reading ?
some horse that the baby would pick does work .	does some horse that the baby would pick work ?
this animal that did reach the baby was siting .	was this animal that did reach the baby siting ?
this girl who has helped the children is talking .	is this girl who has helped the children talking ?
this person that those babies were reaching was visiting the horse .	was this person that those babies were reaching visiting the horse ?
some animals that can visit the girls would fall .	would some animals that can visit the girls fall ?
some horses that some horses did know have played .	have some horses that some horses did know played ?
the girl who is sleeping has worked .	has the girl who is sleeping worked ?
this child who is knowing some animals can watch those animals .	can this child who is knowing some animals watch those animals ?
some horse that was feeding some baby is seeing some baby behind the person .	is some horse that was feeding some baby seeing some baby behind the person ?
this girl who those boys are seeing does sleep .	does this girl who those boys are seeing sleep ?
this baby who was calling the baby did help some horses that have slept .	did this baby who was calling the baby help some horses that have slept ?
the horse that was talking has worked .	has the horse that was talking worked ?
some horse who has helped the babies is watching some boys .	is some horse who has helped the babies watching some boys ?
some horse that some baby is finding shall pick the children by the person .	shall some horse that some baby is finding pick the children by the person ?
some horses who those people did pick have walked .	have some horses who those people did pick walked ?
this boy that the people shall know was trying .	was this boy that the people shall know trying ?
some animals that are feeding some person shall pick this horse behind those boys .	shall some animals that are feeding some person pick this horse behind those boys ?
some girls who are finding some girl have read .	have some girls who are finding some girl read ?
the people that the boy has reached shall reach the baby that the children did know .	shall the people that the boy has reached reach the baby that the children did know ?
some boy that the baby shall see would play .	would some boy that the baby shall see play ?
some people who the horse can help were picking this animal by some child .	were some people who the horse can help picking this animal by some child ?
those girls who some child is helping have slept .	have those girls who some child is helping slept ?
the girl who those children have picked does know the child that can sleep .	does the girl who those children have picked know the child that can sleep ?
this girl who the baby has found does play .	does this girl who the baby has found play ?
the children who the horse is feeding have found this child .	have the children who the horse is feeding found this child ?
some animals that have drawn were helping some animal who has slept .	were some animals that have drawn helping some animal who has slept ?
this boy who can find some child would sit .	would this boy who can find some child sit ?
some girls that did sit shall try .	shall some girls that did sit try ?
those babies that those children were reaching have visited those animals .	have those babies that those children were reaching visited those animals ?
this horse who those babies shall help did pick this baby behind those girls .	did this horse who those babies shall help pick this baby behind those girls ?
this animal who some girls did find has worked .	has this animal who some girls did find worked ?
some horses that are watching those children were trying .	were some horses that are watching those children trying ?
those boys who have talked did know some animals .	did those boys who have talked know some animals ?
the babies that the boys do feed have seen this girl that has tried .	have the babies that the boys do feed seen this girl that has tried ?
those girls who do visit the animals did visit this person .	did those girls who do visit the animals visit this person ?
those boys that can feed those boys do call some horses .	do those boys that can feed those boys call some horses ?
the people that were sleeping have fed the babies by the horse .	have the people that were sleeping fed the babies by the horse ?
the babies that are feeding the person have reached the boy behind the animals .	have the babies that are feeding the person reached the boy behind the animals ?
some boy who was reaching the horse is helping some baby by the girl .	is some boy who was reaching the horse helping some baby by the girl ?
this girl who was watching those boys has read .	has this girl who was watching those boys read ?
some boy that would reach the boy was finding some girls by some horse .	was some boy that would reach the boy finding some girls by some horse ?
some babies that the boy has called do draw .	do some babies that the boy has called draw ?
this child that has reached some horse would feed the animal by some animals .	would this child that has reached some horse feed the animal by some animals ?
some girl that would watch the baby was knowing the girl who does help some baby .	was some girl that would watch the baby knowing the girl who does help some baby ?
some baby who can draw would pick those girls .	would some baby who can draw pick those girls ?
this boy who some children shall help was picking the babies .	was this boy who some children shall help picking the babies ?
the babies who those children have found did know some people .	did the babies who those children have found know some people ?
those babies that some people have seen were calling those girls .	were those babies that some people have seen calling those girls ?
those babies that are siting shall read .	shall those babies that are siting read ?
the child that has seen some children would feed some person by some boys .	would the child that has seen some children feed some person by some boys ?
some baby that was seeing some child is calling some children that are knowing the girl .	is some baby that was seeing some child calling some children that are knowing the girl ?
this animal who has drawn was knowing some babies by some person .	was this animal who has drawn knowing some babies by some person ?
the boy who some girl would see did work .	did the boy who some girl would see work ?
some animal that the animal is finding was walking .	was some animal that the animal is finding walking ?
some baby that the horse shall help is falling .	is some baby that the horse shall help falling ?
some horse that can reach the horse is knowing some children by those people .	is some horse that can reach the horse knowing some children by those people ?
some animals that some person has called shall reach those children .	shall some animals that some person has called reach those children ?
those people that are visiting some boys were drawing .	were those people that are visiting some boys drawing ?
this girl that can play has read .	has this girl that can play read ?
this baby that was drawing is visiting the child .	is this baby that was drawing visiting the child ?
this animal that can know those children was finding the baby .	was this animal that can know those children finding the baby ?
the girls who some baby has picked have talked .	have the girls who some baby has picked talked ?
some child that has visited the children is working .	is some child that has visited the children working ?
some children who shall play have found some animal who shall talk .	have some children who shall play found some animal who shall talk ?
this baby who the babies are helping was finding some baby .	was this baby who the babies are helping finding some baby ?
some boy that does reach this person has fallen .	has some boy that does reach this person fallen ?
this animal that does sit has played .	has this animal that does sit played ?
the animal that some babies do visit does watch the horses that have visited the animals .	does the animal that some babies do visit watch the horses that have visited the animals ?
some animals that the babies do watch are drawing .	are some animals that the babies do watch drawing ?
this animal who would try has worked .	has this animal who would try worked ?
some girls that would call some people do read .	do some girls that would call some people read ?
those animals that some child would reach have tried .	have those animals that some child would reach tried ?
the boy who the children have known was walking .	was the boy who the children have known walking ?
the babies that have slept were seeing the boys behind this girl .	were the babies that have slept seeing the boys behind this girl ?
the child who was falling can reach the child behind the animals .	can the child who was falling reach the child behind the animals ?
those horses that have seen this horse were walking .	were those horses that have seen this horse walking ?
the baby that has visited this girl did reach those animals who are seeing the children .	did the baby that has visited this girl reach those animals who are seeing the children ?
this child that shall help those horses can fall .	can this child that shall help those horses fall ?
the horse that would pick this horse can pick some boy .	can the horse that would pick this horse pick some boy ?
some horse who some babies are calling was walking .	was some horse who some babies are calling walking ?
some horse that was walking is walking .	is some horse that was walking walking ?
this boy who some child was finding is knowing some girl by some girls .	is this boy who some child was finding knowing some girl by some girls ?
this person that some girls were finding has sat .	has this person that some girls were finding sat ?
this baby that some babies have found is knowing the child who can call some babies .	is this baby that some babies have found knowing the child who can call some babies ?
some people that the person has reached are drawing .	are some people that the person has reached drawing ?
this child that can help some horse is visiting the girl behind those animals .	is this child that can help some horse visiting the girl behind those animals ?
the girls that some horses were knowing are knowing some girl .	are the girls that some horses were knowing knowing some girl ?
the girl that this girl is feeding has fed this boy that some babies are calling .	has the girl that this girl is feeding fed this boy that some babies are calling ?
some boy that is playing has tried .	has some boy that is playing tried ?
the people that some girl has visited have fallen .	have the people that some girl has visited fallen ?
some people that can call this girl did sleep .	did some people that can call this girl sleep ?
the babies that were drawing are seeing some girls by some horse .	are the babies that were drawing seeing some girls by some horse ?
the baby who the children are reaching can know some girls by this boy .	can the baby who the children are reaching know some girls by this boy ?
this baby that some girls can reach has helped the horse who some babies would feed .	has this baby that some girls can reach helped the horse who some babies would feed ?
this baby that shall know the baby has slept .	has this baby that shall know the baby slept ?
this baby that those girls are picking would see those animals .	would this baby that those girls are picking see those animals ?
the baby who was calling some babies is talking .	is the baby who was calling some babies talking ?
some babies that some horses did reach can feed the horse behind the people .	can some babies that some horses did reach feed the horse behind the people ?
the animal who has watched some animal did help the girls that are reaching some girls .	did the animal who has watched some animal help the girls that are reaching some girls ?
the girls that are siting can know the boys by those children .	can the girls that are siting know the boys by those children ?
the children who have played are walking .	are the children who have played walking ?
the boys that have found some animals are playing .	are the boys that have found some animals playing ?
this boy that those children have visited has called the child behind some girls .	has this boy that those children have visited called the child behind some girls ?
the girl who the girl can watch does visit the girl behind some babies .	does the girl who the girl can watch visit the girl behind some babies ?
some person that would watch the people has sat .	has some person that would watch the people sat ?
some person that was drawing can watch some girls .	can some person that was drawing watch some girls ?
this animal who has talked was seeing the animal .	was this animal who has talked seeing the animal ?
the girl who those boys are watching has sat .	has the girl who those boys are watching sat ?
some baby who those babies have visited does work .	does some baby who those babies have visited work ?
the animals who have sat shall talk .	shall the animals who have sat talk ?
the animals who can see the boy have worked .	have the animals who can see the boy worked ?
those children that those horses have visited would know some boy behind those girls .	would those children that those horses have visited know some boy behind those girls ?
those horses who the person has reached have tried .	have those horses who the person has reached tried ?
this baby who is seeing some baby does read .	does this baby who is seeing some baby read ?
the people that have seen this boy were reaching those children behind this baby .	were the people that have seen this boy reaching those children behind this baby ?
the horses who some horse has picked have known this baby that was knowing some child .	have the horses who some horse has picked known this baby that was knowing some child ?
those people that shall visit some animals are calling some person that has fed this boy .	are those people that shall visit some animals calling some person that has fed this boy ?
some children who the horse was watching shall sit .	shall some children who the horse was watching sit ?
the animal who is finding the person would play .	would the animal who is finding the person play ?
the horse that those children have called is working .	is the horse that those children have called working ?
some animal who did know the animal has picked the horse behind some animal .	has some animal who did know the animal picked the horse behind some animal ?
those horses who have played were knowing the horses behind some girls .	were those horses who have played knowing the horses behind some girls ?
this girl who some baby was watching has drawn .	has this girl who some baby was watching drawn ?
some animals who this girl is feeding can fall .	can some animals who this girl is feeding fall ?
the animals that some person has visited would work .	would the animals that some person has visited work ?
the children who have worked did see some girl by this baby .	did the children who have worked see some girl by this baby ?
the baby that the horse would help has helped this child behind the person .	has the baby that the horse would help helped this child behind the person ?
some babies that were helping the animal shall reach some child by some baby .	shall some babies that were helping the animal reach some child by some baby ?
those babies who have called the boys shall work .	shall those babies who have called the boys work ?
the girls that did walk would feed those boys by this baby .	would the girls that did walk feed those boys by this baby ?
those animals who some boy has visited have known the babies .	have those animals who some boy has visited known the babies ?
some person who can help the child was sleeping .	was some person who can help the child sleeping ?
the person who did pick the people has fed the person who this animal can help .	has the person who did pick the people fed the person who this animal can help ?
those girls that some horse was helping have called this child .	have those girls that some horse was helping called this child ?
the babies that are picking the girls shall call those horses that some person did visit .	shall the babies that are picking the girls call those horses that some person did visit ?
some child that does find the child shall know the people behind some child .	shall some child that does find the child know the people behind some child ?
the girl that the animals shall reach does work .	does the girl that the animals shall reach work ?
the children that were knowing the boy shall sleep .	shall the children that were knowing the boy sleep ?
some girls who can help some babies have visited some boys .	have some girls who can help some babies visited some boys ?
those horses that did reach those children have reached some girls behind some boy .	have those horses that did reach those children reached some girls behind some boy ?
the animals that some boy did see do draw .	do the animals that some boy did see draw ?
some animals who those babies have called were reading .	were some animals who those babies have called reading ?
this child that those girls have seen shall call the girls behind the animal .	shall this child that those girls have seen call the girls behind the animal ?
the child that is trying has picked the baby .	has the child that is trying picked the baby ?
the girls who are visiting this baby have worked .	have the girls who are visiting this baby worked ?
those babies who have fed some girls are sleeping .	are those babies who have fed some girls sleeping ?
the baby that did call this child is calling this child .	is the baby that did call this child calling this child ?
the girls that were visiting the animals have slept .	have the girls that were visiting the animals slept ?
some babies that have tried can work .	can some babies that have tried work ?
the baby who was siting is seeing some boy by some person .	is the baby who was siting seeing some boy by some person ?
some horse that those babies have found has picked those horses by this animal .	has some horse that those babies have found picked those horses by this animal ?
this child that this animal has known can walk .	can this child that this animal has known walk ?
some child who was knowing some horse has played .	has some child who was knowing some horse played ?
this animal that is playing was finding some child by some child .	was this animal that is playing finding some child by some child ?
this girl who some girls are finding has walked .	has this girl who some girls are finding walked ?
the boy that those horses shall know does know those boys by those babies .	does the boy that those horses shall know know those boys by those babies ?
those girls that were helping those girls have picked the baby by some horse .	have those girls that were helping those girls picked the baby by some horse ?
some boys that shall know the girls can see the babies behind those boys .	can some boys that shall know the girls see the babies behind those boys ?
some horses who some children have reached are sleeping .	are some horses who some children have reached sleeping ?
this horse that shall play did watch the girl behind some horses .	did this horse that shall play watch the girl behind some horses ?
the girl who some child was knowing has fallen .	has the girl who some child was knowing fallen ?
some people that the animal has fed are reading .	are some people that the animal has fed reading ?
those people that this baby has visited are feeding the person by the horses .	are those people that this baby has visited feeding the person by the horses ?
some horses who have helped those animals were working .	were some horses who have helped those animals working ?
some baby who is picking those people has slept .	has some baby who is picking those people slept ?
some babies who were calling those people would read .	would some babies who were calling those people read ?
the children that the boys have called would watch this horse behind this child .	would the children that the boys have called watch this horse behind this child ?
some horses who those animals can watch are sleeping .	are some horses who those animals can watch sleeping ?
some boy who some children shall find has talked .	has some boy who some children shall find talked ?
the horse that the children did help has walked .	has the horse that the children did help walked ?
the babies that are helping some people have called the boys behind this person .	have the babies that are helping some people called the boys behind this person ?
some horses who have read are feeding the baby by those animals .	are some horses who have read feeding the baby by those animals ?
some horse who the child has seen is talking .	is some horse who the child has seen talking ?
some girls that the child has seen have walked .	have some girls that the child has seen walked ?
those babies that those girls shall see have reached some boy by the horses .	have those babies that those girls shall see reached some boy by the horses ?
this girl that would work has visited those girls that this animal can call .	has this girl that would work visited those girls that this animal can call ?
the horses that this animal is reaching are knowing some boy .	are the horses that this animal is reaching knowing some boy ?
the person who has watched some girls shall work .	shall the person who has watched some girls work ?
some boy who the babies did find would draw .	would some boy who the babies did find draw ?
some babies that this animal did pick have watched the girl who this child has visited .	have some babies that this animal did pick watched the girl who this child has visited ?
this boy who was visiting some boys has visited the horses .	has this boy who was visiting some boys visited the horses ?
some animal that is helping the boys has walked .	has some animal that is helping the boys walked ?
this boy who shall feed the person did play .	did this boy who shall feed the person play ?
the horse who has visited those horses was trying .	was the horse who has visited those horses trying ?
the people that would find some child were picking this horse .	were the people that would find some child picking this horse ?
some boy that is seeing some animals was falling .	was some boy that is seeing some animals falling ?
the girl who did walk was talking .	was the girl who did walk talking ?
some babies who those people did see have fed some horse by some baby .	have some babies who those people did see fed some horse by some baby ?
this girl that this horse would know can help some animal who some animals were watching .	can this girl that this horse would know help some animal who some animals were watching ?
those animals who are working do reach some girls behind some people .	do those animals who are working reach some girls behind some people ?
those horses who would see the babies can visit some girl by some animal .	can those horses who would see the babies visit some girl by some animal ?
the babies that are trying shall find the boys who were calling some animals .	shall the babies that are trying find the boys who were calling some animals ?
those children who did watch this person have slept .	have those children who did watch this person slept ?
this boy that is visiting this girl was drawing .	was this boy that is visiting this girl drawing ?
some people who some animal has watched have fed this horse .	have some people who some animal has watched fed this horse ?
the boys who the horses did help have seen the person by some babies .	have the boys who the horses did help seen the person by some babies ?
some horse who has slept is seeing some baby that some baby has picked .	is some horse who has slept seeing some baby that some baby has picked ?
the child that has seen some animals was finding the girls behind some horse .	was the child that has seen some animals finding the girls behind some horse ?
the girls who were helping those boys have fallen .	have the girls who were helping those boys fallen ?
the children who the girls have found would play .	would the children who the girls have found play ?
the boys who this horse does feed shall reach this boy who the person is knowing .	shall the boys who this horse does feed reach this boy who the person is knowing ?
this child who does find this baby has called some boys behind some horses .	has this child who does find this baby called some boys behind some horses ?
the boys who are seeing the girl shall draw .	shall the boys who are seeing the girl draw ?
the boys that some girl has fed were drawing .	were the boys that some girl has fed drawing ?
some children who have seen the horses are working .	are some children who have seen the horses working ?
the person who has seen the horses is playing .	is the person who has seen the horses playing ?
the child who is working does find the person .	does the child who is working find the person ?
some girls who are falling have tried .	have some girls who are falling tried ?
the animals who did play were visiting some person behind the children .	were the animals who did play visiting some person behind the children ?
some animals that can sit are reading .	are some animals that can sit reading ?
some girl that does know this baby has found the children .	has some girl that does know this baby found the children ?
those animals that those babies can see were knowing those boys by the animals .	were those animals that those babies can see knowing those boys by the animals ?
some animal who some animals were helping is walking .	is some animal who some animals were helping walking ?
the animals who are visiting some babies have sat .	have the animals who are visiting some babies sat ?
some boys who are reaching those people do talk .	do some boys who are reaching those people talk ?
this animal who is reaching the horses has seen the person by some children .	has this animal who is reaching the horses seen the person by some children ?
the boys who the babies are finding have talked .	have the boys who the babies are finding talked ?
the boy that those children have called is sleeping .	is the boy that those children have called sleeping ?
those babies who some baby was visiting have walked .	have those babies who some baby was visiting walked ?
this person who has fed the children would sit .	would this person who has fed the children sit ?
those horses that have reached the boy were sleeping .	were those horses that have reached the boy sleeping ?
those babies that have worked are talking .	are those babies that have worked talking ?
this person that this baby is seeing can read .	can this person that this baby is seeing read ?
those animals that those children have called did feed the animal that has played .	did those animals that those children have called feed the animal that has played ?
the horses who some boys were picking can see those animals .	can the horses who some boys were picking see those animals ?
the people that some boy was visiting have helped the horse who those animals have watched .	have the people that some boy was visiting helped the horse who those animals have watched ?
some horses that have found some boy were knowing this person that some girls can feed .	were some horses that have found some boy knowing this person that some girls can feed ?
the horse that was visiting this child has known those people that were reading .	has the horse that was visiting this child known those people that were reading ?
those animals that have seen those children are walking .	are those animals that have seen those children walking ?
the babies that were seeing some baby do feed some horses who some child is watching .	do the babies that were seeing some baby feed some horses who some child is watching ?
the girl that is finding some baby was visiting those babies behind some animal .	was the girl that is finding some baby visiting those babies behind some animal ?
those children who were knowing the baby have reached the child behind the girl .	have those children who were knowing the baby reached the child behind the girl ?
some horses that would try have sat .	have some horses that would try sat ?
some animal who is helping the people can fall .	can some animal who is helping the people fall ?
some people that are reaching the person were calling this baby by those babies .	were some people that are reaching the person calling this baby by those babies ?
this child who was reading has read .	has this child who was reading read ?
the animal that the children can feed does draw .	does the animal that the children can feed draw ?
some baby who was drawing would sleep .	would some baby who was drawing sleep ?
the baby that shall talk has fallen .	has the baby that shall talk fallen ?
the children that have found the boys were falling .	were the children that have found the boys falling ?
the boys who the horse was knowing shall reach some horses who have picked the boys .	shall the boys who the horse was knowing reach some horses who have picked the boys ?
some girl who shall pick this girl is trying .	is some girl who shall pick this girl trying ?
this horse who does pick the person was reaching this girl by those babies .	was this horse who does pick the person reaching this girl by those babies ?
some boys that shall visit the animals did help some person .	did some boys that shall visit the animals help some person ?
the boys who were visiting the girl have helped some boys by the girls .	have the boys who were visiting the girl helped some boys by the girls ?
this baby that shall feed this boy is calling the boys behind this baby .	is this baby that shall feed this boy calling the boys behind this baby ?
this horse that those people have called shall reach this baby who can know this boy .	shall this horse that those people have called reach this baby who can know this boy ?
some girl that some girls did watch would find those animals behind those animals .	would some girl that some girls did watch find those animals behind those animals ?
the boys who some children have watched are visiting some animal that those horses would see .	are the boys who some children have watched visiting some animal that those horses would see ?
some horses that have called the person were calling the babies behind this horse .	were some horses that have called the person calling the babies behind this horse ?
the babies who would visit some horse are falling .	are the babies who would visit some horse falling ?
the boys who those girls have seen were knowing this baby that those horses do know .	were the boys who those girls have seen knowing this baby that those horses do know ?
some person who is reaching some girl has helped this baby behind those babies .	has some person who is reaching some girl helped this baby behind those babies ?
those animals that the person is watching are playing .	are those animals that the person is watching playing ?
this horse that would reach the horse has found the girl who was seeing some girls .	has this horse that would reach the horse found the girl who was seeing some girls ?
this person who has worked can help the girl by some people .	can this person who has worked help the girl by some people ?
the people that are siting did talk .	did the people that are siting talk ?
some animals who have reached some girl shall see those animals by the baby .	shall some animals who have reached some girl see those animals by the baby ?
the animals who the horses do pick have helped the children by the people .	have the animals who the horses do pick helped the children by the people ?
those animals who the baby does call would talk .	would those animals who the baby does call talk ?
the children that have tried do see those children by some girl .	do the children that have tried see those children by some girl ?
some babies who those people were calling do feed the animals who do sit .	do some babies who those people were calling feed the animals who do sit ?
the children that do help this child did fall .	did the children that do help this child fall ?
the people who shall call the boys have talked .	have the people who shall call the boys talked ?
the baby that can sleep has drawn .	has the baby that can sleep drawn ?
some person that did pick the horses can watch this child .	can some person that did pick the horses watch this child ?
those animals that do know the girl can work .	can those animals that do know the girl work ?
this horse who has played was reaching the children who have called those horses .	was this horse who has played reaching the children who have called those horses ?
the children who some boys have watched can find the boy by this animal .	can the children who some boys have watched find the boy by this animal ?
the girl who the horses were knowing was working .	was the girl who the horses were knowing working ?
those horses that shall know some girl have visited those children by those babies .	have those horses that shall know some girl visited those children by those babies ?
this baby who does pick some animals was trying .	was this baby who does pick some animals trying ?
some child who has fed some girls was walking .	was some child who has fed some girls walking ?
some animals that some horses have known were reaching some animals who have seen the babies .	were some animals that some horses have known reaching some animals who have seen the babies ?
those horses that this child does help were visiting those animals by some person .	were those horses that this child does help visiting those animals by some person ?
the babies that this animal shall see do watch the babies .	do the babies that this animal shall see watch the babies ?
the animals that some baby does watch have walked .	have the animals that some baby does watch walked ?
the animals that are helping those horses shall pick the person behind this boy .	shall the animals that are helping those horses pick the person behind this boy ?
this child that has picked those boys was sleeping .	was this child that has picked those boys sleeping ?
some boy who those babies have helped has walked .	has some boy who those babies have helped walked ?
the boys who some horses do help did read .	did the boys who some horses do help read ?
the horses that some babies were calling are watching the people by some girls .	are the horses that some babies were calling watching the people by some girls ?
the person who has read did see some baby who did try .	did the person who has read see some baby who did try ?
the babies who this person has watched have sat .	have the babies who this person has watched sat ?
some child who can feed this horse was falling .	was some child who can feed this horse falling ?
those horses that were playing have talked .	have those horses that were playing talked ?
this animal that this baby is picking has helped the children who can know some children .	has this animal that this baby is picking helped the children who can know some children ?
some baby who the horses were calling can watch some babies that have walked .	can some baby who the horses were calling watch some babies that have walked ?
this horse that some people have picked can reach some babies that the child has found .	can this horse that some people have picked reach some babies that the child has found ?
the girl that is working was sleeping .	was the girl that is working sleeping ?
this baby who has visited the horses does sit .	does this baby who has visited the horses sit ?
some children that some babies can call do reach the girls that the boy did watch .	do some children that some babies can call reach the girls that the boy did watch ?
those animals that some animals are picking have read .	have those animals that some animals are picking read ?
this boy that is sleeping has fallen .	has this boy that is sleeping fallen ?
some person that those babies are calling was trying .	was some person that those babies are calling trying ?
some children that some boys were helping shall watch the animal by those animals .	shall some children that some boys were helping watch the animal by those animals ?
the horse that has watched some boys is falling .	is the horse that has watched some boys falling ?
some horses who this girl was picking have sat .	have some horses who this girl was picking sat ?
some animals that some girl shall know are feeding those animals behind this girl .	are some animals that some girl shall know feeding those animals behind this girl ?
the horses who the children were calling shall feed some children behind this baby .	shall the horses who the children were calling feed some children behind this baby ?
the boys who the boys did pick have known the animals that those children have picked .	have the boys who the boys did pick known the animals that those children have picked ?
some babies who do read have helped those people .	have some babies who do read helped those people ?
this boy who was calling the babies has read .	has this boy who was calling the babies read ?
some horses who the baby has reached have called some person by some children .	have some horses who the baby has reached called some person by some children ?
those children that are visiting the children have visited some boys by the horses .	have those children that are visiting the children visited some boys by the horses ?
this baby who those girls have helped has known some animals who did see some horse .	has this baby who those girls have helped known some animals who did see some horse ?
some person that does help some girls was visiting the boy that the horses are feeding .	was some person that does help some girls visiting the boy that the horses are feeding ?
this person that does call those horses did pick the boy .	did this person that does call those horses pick the boy ?
some people that are watching some horses do reach some boy by this boy .	do some people that are watching some horses reach some boy by this boy ?
some horse that the animals have watched was finding the child behind this baby .	was some horse that the animals have watched finding the child behind this baby ?
this baby who some girl does pick has drawn .	has this baby who some girl does pick drawn ?
some baby who was picking the boy shall walk .	shall some baby who was picking the boy walk ?
some baby who those animals have reached has talked .	has some baby who those animals have reached talked ?
this horse who this boy does help would walk .	would this horse who this boy does help walk ?
some animals that would feed this horse are knowing the people behind the children .	are some animals that would feed this horse knowing the people behind the children ?
the children that were knowing the girls are calling the people who are watching some people .	are the children that were knowing the girls calling the people who are watching some people ?
some child that has worked can fall .	can some child that has worked fall ?
the babies that did watch the child have found some boy behind the child .	have the babies that did watch the child found some boy behind the child ?
some animals that the horse shall find have talked .	have some animals that the horse shall find talked ?
some child who those animals are knowing would call those girls by some baby .	would some child who those animals are knowing call those girls by some baby ?
some animals that the boy was helping have known the boys behind the horse .	have some animals that the boy was helping known the boys behind the horse ?
the boys who are calling the horse shall visit those children behind those animals .	shall the boys who are calling the horse visit those children behind those animals ?
this girl who has sat was finding some baby .	was this girl who has sat finding some baby ?
the people who did draw were drawing .	were the people who did draw drawing ?
this child who is siting was falling .	was this child who is siting falling ?
those horses who those children would watch have walked .	have those horses who those children would watch walked ?
the baby who the baby did help has picked the babies by the baby .	has the baby who the baby did help picked the babies by the baby ?
the people who would pick this baby were feeding some children by this boy .	were the people who would pick this baby feeding some children by this boy ?
some girl who some boys have fed shall call the horse by this child .	shall some girl who some boys have fed call the horse by this child ?
those babies that the baby is seeing do talk .	do those babies that the baby is seeing talk ?
some boys who some horses have helped would find the girl who has picked some child .	would some boys who some horses have helped find the girl who has picked some child ?
the animals that have fallen are drawing .	are the animals that have fallen drawing ?
the child that some animal was reaching has picked some boys behind the children .	has the child that some animal was reaching picked some boys behind the children ?
some boys who those horses are calling have tried .	have some boys who those horses are calling tried ?
the animal who those babies have found was picking some girls by this girl .	was the animal who those babies have found picking some girls by this girl ?
those animals who this person has watched have seen those girls behind some person .	have those animals who this person has watched seen those girls behind some person ?
the horse that is working did find the girl by the people .	did the horse that is working find the girl by the people ?
those babies who some baby has picked shall find some animal who can watch the child .	shall those babies who some baby has picked find some animal who can watch the child ?
the girls that have fed the boy are finding some baby by some person .	are the girls that have fed the boy finding some baby by some person ?
some boy that has read is trying .	is some boy that has read trying ?
some animal that was knowing this animal did help some babies behind some child .	did some animal that was knowing this animal help some babies behind some child ?
this boy who those people did call can help the girls by this boy .	can this boy who those people did call help the girls by this boy ?
those girls who did visit this girl were calling this horse .	were those girls who did visit this girl calling this horse ?
those babies who this horse has fed would feed some animals by this animal .	would those babies who this horse has fed feed some animals by this animal ?
the people that the horses have reached were siting .	were the people that the horses have reached siting ?
the girls that this child has known did reach some boys by some people .	did the girls that this child has known reach some boys by some people ?
some person who shall see the animals would walk .	would some person who shall see the animals walk ?
some boys that have seen this horse were talking .	were some boys that have seen this horse talking ?
some people who would pick some horses are sleeping .	are some people who would pick some horses sleeping ?
the child that would sit was helping this baby behind those boys .	was the child that would sit helping this baby behind those boys ?
those children that the babies are visiting have played .	have those children that the babies are visiting played ?
the boy that has helped some children can read .	can the boy that has helped some children read ?
some boy that some boy would feed has found those horses .	has some boy that some boy would feed found those horses ?
this boy that the animals have watched was siting .	was this boy that the animals have watched siting ?
some horses that the girl did find do play .	do some horses that the girl did find play ?
some animal that the people were reaching is talking .	is some animal that the people were reaching talking ?
some boy who has called the horse shall reach the person by this girl .	shall some boy who has called the horse reach the person by this girl ?
the babies who have visited those babies are walking .	are the babies who have visited those babies walking ?
the girl that would feed the person shall sleep .	shall the girl that would feed the person sleep ?
the person that some people have called did pick some horses behind the girl .	did the person that some people have called pick some horses behind the girl ?
those people who some baby was knowing were playing .	were those people who some baby was knowing playing ?
some boys who would pick those girls can pick this child that is siting .	can some boys who would pick those girls pick this child that is siting ?
some child who has called the horse shall read .	shall some child who has called the horse read ?
this animal who some boys were picking would talk .	would this animal who some boys were picking talk ?
the babies that the child has watched shall find this person who has reached some girls .	shall the babies that the child has watched find this person who has reached some girls ?
some child who did call the baby was sleeping .	was some child who did call the baby sleeping ?
some boys who have known some animals are trying .	are some boys who have known some animals trying ?
this baby who can sleep is picking those babies behind some boys .	is this baby who can sleep picking those babies behind some boys ?
some babies who some babies are picking have visited the children that are picking the animal .	have some babies who some babies are picking visited the children that are picking the animal ?
those people who were sleeping have fallen .	have those people who were sleeping fallen ?
those girls who have talked are finding the person that is falling .	are those girls who have talked finding the person that is falling ?
those girls that those horses have called were drawing .	were those girls that those horses have called drawing ?
those animals who the child has picked have known some children that shall work .	have those animals who the child has picked known some children that shall work ?
the girls that this baby has picked would play .	would the girls that this baby has picked play ?
the girl that has walked was knowing the babies by the baby .	was the girl that has walked knowing the babies by the baby ?
the person that is drawing does sit .	does the person that is drawing sit ?
this person who the boy would watch has drawn .	has this person who the boy would watch drawn ?
the animals that have played were siting .	were the animals that have played siting ?
those children that are calling the horses were knowing some boys by the children .	were those children that are calling the horses knowing some boys by the children ?
this horse who was seeing this horse is picking the animals .	is this horse who was seeing this horse picking the animals ?
some horses that the person is watching are calling some child .	are some horses that the person is watching calling some child ?
the people who the person was feeding are siting .	are the people who the person was feeding siting ?
some person who has fallen can walk .	can some person who has fallen walk ?
some people that the baby has found are seeing those boys .	are some people that the baby has found seeing those boys ?
some child who the boy can help is trying .	is some child who the boy can help trying ?
some people who were seeing the person did pick those horses who have visited some baby .	did some people who were seeing the person pick those horses who have visited some baby ?
those children that have seen the boy are drawing .	are those children that have seen the boy drawing ?
this person that did help some animal is walking .	is this person that did help some animal walking ?
this baby that some animal was knowing would draw .	would this baby that some animal was knowing draw ?
the boy who was sleeping has watched some baby that this horse was calling .	has the boy who was sleeping watched some baby that this horse was calling ?
this person that would reach the horse did feed those animals .	did this person that would reach the horse feed those animals ?
this child that does draw is working .	is this child that does draw working ?
some children that can find the children were walking .	were some children that can find the children walking ?
some baby who the babies would know does watch some girls .	does some baby who the babies would know watch some girls ?
those children who can sleep have fallen .	have those children who can sleep fallen ?
the baby who this child was picking does walk .	does the baby who this child was picking walk ?
those boys that were walking did play .	did those boys that were walking play ?
some child who some girl has found is calling some horse that those babies do find .	is some child who some girl has found calling some horse that those babies do find ?
this child who those girls have seen did feed those children behind the horse .	did this child who those girls have seen feed those children behind the horse ?
some children who the horses have watched do see the girls .	do some children who the horses have watched see the girls ?
the boy that those babies were seeing was feeding those boys .	was the boy that those babies were seeing feeding those boys ?
some babies who the horse is picking were falling .	were some babies who the horse is picking falling ?
the babies that this baby is knowing do read .	do the babies that this baby is knowing read ?
this boy that the boy is feeding shall sit .	shall this boy that the boy is feeding sit ?
this animal who the people have found did work .	did this animal who the people have found work ?
some animal who some horse is knowing would pick some baby behind some children .	would some animal who some horse is knowing pick some baby behind some children ?
some babies who this child can find were talking .	were some babies who this child can find talking ?
this child who has seen the baby is watching some boy behind some child .	is this child who has seen the baby watching some boy behind some child ?
those horses that have fed the child can help this person behind some children .	can those horses that have fed the child help this person behind some children ?
those babies who did talk have talked .	have those babies who did talk talked ?
the child that those babies are picking does fall .	does the child that those babies are picking fall ?
the child who was helping this boy is siting .	is the child who was helping this boy siting ?
the boy that is walking shall talk .	shall the boy that is walking talk ?
those children who this child has called have picked the girls who are helping some people .	have those children who this child has called picked the girls who are helping some people ?
some horse who did play was picking some girl .	was some horse who did play picking some girl ?
some babies that are helping those people have called some horse by some boys .	have some babies that are helping those people called some horse by some boys ?
the children that this girl shall call were reaching the animals behind the babies .	were the children that this girl shall call reaching the animals behind the babies ?
this girl that can draw did call the horses by the boy .	did this girl that can draw call the horses by the boy ?
the girls who have called the animal do reach some girl .	do the girls who have called the animal reach some girl ?
some horses who did pick some person are walking .	are some horses who did pick some person walking ?
some horse that is watching those animals has tried .	has some horse that is watching those animals tried ?
the people who some horses can reach have talked .	have the people who some horses can reach talked ?
the horses that are feeding those children have fed some girl behind some boys .	have the horses that are feeding those children fed some girl behind some boys ?
those girls who shall know the boy have helped some boy that does help some child .	have those girls who shall know the boy helped some boy that does help some child ?
the girls that shall know some person would work .	would the girls that shall know some person work ?
some boys that those horses can reach have seen some babies .	have some boys that those horses can reach seen some babies ?
this person who would walk has visited some horses .	has this person who would walk visited some horses ?
those girls that were visiting this boy are falling .	are those girls that were visiting this boy falling ?
some animals who are drawing can fall .	can some animals who are drawing fall ?
some animal that has read did watch some girl behind some people .	did some animal that has read watch some girl behind some people ?
the children who have called the horse are watching some children that have tried .	are the children who have called the horse watching some children that have tried ?
some baby that the animal can know is visiting those girls that can fall .	is some baby that the animal can know visiting those girls that can fall ?
this girl that shall try has visited this baby behind some horses .	has this girl that shall try visited this baby behind some horses ?
some girl that shall visit the girl has sat .	has some girl that shall visit the girl sat ?
some children that some children have fed were sleeping .	were some children that some children have fed sleeping ?
the girl who can pick this child does see some horse behind the child .	does the girl who can pick this child see some horse behind the child ?
the children who the boy would feed do sit .	do the children who the boy would feed sit ?
the animal that has called the animals would work .	would the animal that has called the animals work ?
the person that is feeding the horses was walking .	was the person that is feeding the horses walking ?
this animal that those girls can see has sat .	has this animal that those girls can see sat ?
this animal who this person was visiting has sat .	has this animal who this person was visiting sat ?
some boy who the people have called has read .	has some boy who the people have called read ?
those babies who were feeding this animal have found some people by those people .	have those babies who were feeding this animal found some people by those people ?
some people that do fall have worked .	have some people that do fall worked ?
the boy that the child has found shall find the babies by the boy .	shall the boy that the child has found find the babies by the boy ?
some girls who some children do know have seen the baby .	have some girls who some children do know seen the baby ?
the animal who was feeding those children can read .	can the animal who was feeding those children read ?
this boy who some babies do see has picked the boy .	has this boy who some babies do see picked the boy ?
some girls who were trying shall help some children who the people have reached .	shall some girls who were trying help some children who the people have reached ?
the girl who has fallen does work .	does the girl who has fallen work ?
some people who some person was picking are visiting the animals behind the baby .	are some people who some person was picking visiting the animals behind the baby ?
those horses that are knowing some babies have fed this baby .	have those horses that are knowing some babies fed this baby ?
some children that shall watch the boys have read .	have some children that shall watch the boys read ?
the animal who the girls have found would see the children behind the girls .	would the animal who the girls have found see the children behind the girls ?
some girls who have fallen would walk .	would some girls who have fallen walk ?
some boys who can watch some girls have picked the girls behind this boy .	have some boys who can watch some girls picked the girls behind this boy ?
those people who have worked did fall .	did those people who have worked fall ?
some babies that can visit some animals would reach some boy behind those boys .	would some babies that can visit some animals reach some boy behind those boys ?
some boys who shall see some people have played .	have some boys who shall see some people played ?
this boy who the children have known is watching the animals behind those people .	is this boy who the children have known watching the animals behind those people ?
the child who some people are helping was feeding the people by some animals .	was the child who some people are helping feeding the people by some animals ?
this baby that did reach this horse was reading .	was this baby that did reach this horse reading ?
the children who did call some baby do talk .	do the children who did call some baby talk ?
the boys who some animals were seeing have found the girl behind the animals .	have the boys who some animals were seeing found the girl behind the animals ?
the people who did work are feeding the animal behind the girl .	are the people who did work feeding the animal behind the girl ?
this boy who some girls can visit would reach some babies that the girl is watching .	would this boy who some girls can visit reach some babies that the girl is watching ?
the baby that has fallen is working .	is the baby that has fallen working ?
this animal that this girl has known did work .	did this animal that this girl has known work ?
some child that did pick those babies is reaching this person behind the animal .	is some child that did pick those babies reaching this person behind the animal ?
some person who this baby is finding has played .	has some person who this baby is finding played ?
some girl that was siting is siting .	is some girl that was siting siting ?
some animal that is sleeping shall walk .	shall some animal that is sleeping walk ?
the horse that has found this horse was finding those people by some child .	was the horse that has found this horse finding those people by some child ?
those boys that were seeing the baby did work .	did those boys that were seeing the baby work ?
the girls that have sat were helping some children by some girl .	were the girls that have sat helping some children by some girl ?
the person that the horses shall help was falling .	was the person that the horses shall help falling ?
the horse who has called the babies was working .	was the horse who has called the babies working ?
those horses that the animal has seen would watch the people behind this baby .	would those horses that the animal has seen watch the people behind this baby ?
this child who has helped those people is calling those horses .	is this child who has helped those people calling those horses ?
this person that the horses have helped did walk .	did this person that the horses have helped walk ?
some babies that were playing would read .	would some babies that were playing read ?
this baby who some girl would find has walked .	has this baby who some girl would find walked ?
the animals who can know the animals do visit the girl by some boy .	do the animals who can know the animals visit the girl by some boy ?
those girls who are walking have slept .	have those girls who are walking slept ?
those girls that shall talk are working .	are those girls that shall talk working ?
some girls who have worked did visit the animal that is drawing .	did some girls who have worked visit the animal that is drawing ?
some boy that has watched those horses was drawing .	was some boy that has watched those horses drawing ?
some children that some girls did watch have read .	have some children that some girls did watch read ?
some horses who have picked this person are falling .	are some horses who have picked this person falling ?
the babies that can help this horse were watching the boy who the children are seeing .	were the babies that can help this horse watching the boy who the children are seeing ?
some girls who this boy has watched would call this person by the baby .	would some girls who this boy has watched call this person by the baby ?
the girl that has helped those animals does call this animal .	does the girl that has helped those animals call this animal ?
those babies that this person is visiting have tried .	have those babies that this person is visiting tried ?
the horses that some people can help were helping some girls by some girl .	were the horses that some people can help helping some girls by some girl ?
some boys who shall visit some girls would know some children behind the horses .	would some boys who shall visit some girls know some children behind the horses ?
some horse that was seeing some babies has sat .	has some horse that was seeing some babies sat ?
some babies who would watch some girl have sat .	have some babies who would watch some girl sat ?
those people who this person has known have fed this baby by the people .	have those people who this person has known fed this baby by the people ?
those children that have found some girl were finding the babies .	were those children that have found some girl finding the babies ?
this child that the boy is helping was drawing .	was this child that the boy is helping drawing ?
some babies who the baby would visit have talked .	have some babies who the baby would visit talked ?
this baby that those animals have known shall try .	shall this baby that those animals have known try ?
the people who shall sit have picked this boy by some children .	have the people who shall sit picked this boy by some children ?
some horse that those animals are seeing was knowing some children by those children .	was some horse that those animals are seeing knowing some children by those children ?
those children that would visit the children can walk .	can those children that would visit the children walk ?
some boy that did help those people has known the girl that shall visit the babies .	has some boy that did help those people known the girl that shall visit the babies ?
some horse who has read does draw .	does some horse who has read draw ?
the people who did find some girls can walk .	can the people who did find some girls walk ?
some animal who those boys are seeing can help this girl behind some girls .	can some animal who those boys are seeing help this girl behind some girls ?
some girl that has slept did pick this child .	did some girl that has slept pick this child ?
the horse who shall pick some girls has called some boys that those babies are knowing .	has the horse who shall pick some girls called some boys that those babies are knowing ?
the horse who is falling does reach some horse by some animals .	does the horse who is falling reach some horse by some animals ?
some baby that those animals did pick has picked the girl who has found this horse .	has some baby that those animals did pick picked the girl who has found this horse ?
the animal that has seen the animal is calling this baby behind the horses .	is the animal that has seen the animal calling this baby behind the horses ?
those babies who shall pick some child were working .	were those babies who shall pick some child working ?
the animals that the horse was calling shall call some people who were sleeping .	shall the animals that the horse was calling call some people who were sleeping ?
this boy who some person is seeing does sleep .	does this boy who some person is seeing sleep ?
the baby that has reached the people does fall .	does the baby that has reached the people fall ?
the horse that is reaching those people did know the children by the horses .	did the horse that is reaching those people know the children by the horses ?
some babies who some animals shall watch were finding the baby behind this horse .	were some babies who some animals shall watch finding the baby behind this horse ?
this boy who this girl was visiting would talk .	would this boy who this girl was visiting talk ?
the person that the girl is feeding has fallen .	has the person that the girl is feeding fallen ?
the child who the people have watched was seeing the person behind this horse .	was the child who the people have watched seeing the person behind this horse ?
those people who would read are visiting this baby that the animals shall pick .	are those people who would read visiting this baby that the animals shall pick ?
this baby that has reached this child was playing .	was this baby that has reached this child playing ?
the girls who the horse can know have talked .	have the girls who the horse can know talked ?
those horses that have tried can pick this baby .	can those horses that have tried pick this baby ?
the babies who were seeing some animal shall draw .	shall the babies who were seeing some animal draw ?
the horses that would read are seeing some horse by some children .	are the horses that would read seeing some horse by some children ?
some person who the horses are picking can play .	can some person who the horses are picking play ?
the babies that are calling the person do talk .	do the babies that are calling the person talk ?
the children that those boys would feed shall walk .	shall the children that those boys would feed walk ?
the horses who the animal was seeing were talking .	were the horses who the animal was seeing talking ?
this boy who some boy shall watch is falling .	is this boy who some boy shall watch falling ?
the horse who was finding this horse did sit .	did the horse who was finding this horse sit ?
some children that the baby has seen were seeing the babies who were trying .	were some children that the baby has seen seeing the babies who were trying ?
the horse that is playing has watched the baby who some child has watched .	has the horse that is playing watched the baby who some child has watched ?
some animals that this girl is calling have reached the child behind the child .	have some animals that this girl is calling reached the child behind the child ?
some people who some children have helped are siting .	are some people who some children have helped siting ?
the animal that those animals do reach shall call the girl .	shall the animal that those animals do reach call the girl ?
some horse who has found those boys was knowing the child that has watched some boys .	was some horse who has found those boys knowing the child that has watched some boys ?
some child who this boy has found did draw .	did some child who this boy has found draw ?
the horse that does play was trying .	was the horse that does play trying ?
some child that this child is knowing has tried .	has some child that this child is knowing tried ?
some child who was sleeping shall try .	shall some child who was sleeping try ?
the person that the animal has known would pick the animals .	would the person that the animal has known pick the animals ?
the people that the babies were feeding are helping some babies by this boy .	are the people that the babies were feeding helping some babies by this boy ?
some girls that this baby is calling do work .	do some girls that this baby is calling work ?
the horse that this person was visiting is reading .	is the horse that this person was visiting reading ?
the child who has called those boys is siting .	is the child who has called those boys siting ?
the animal that some child was finding has fed some horse .	has the animal that some child was finding fed some horse ?
the horses who have visited those animals were reading .	were the horses who have visited those animals reading ?
some person who is calling some girls shall help some girl behind some horse .	shall some person who is calling some girls help some girl behind some horse ?
those people who have fallen can know those girls by the animal .	can those people who have fallen know those girls by the animal ?
the horse that some horses can call is knowing the person .	is the horse that some horses can call knowing the person ?
those animals who those children are helping shall talk .	shall those animals who those children are helping talk ?
some boys that some horses did watch were helping the horse .	were some boys that some horses did watch helping the horse ?
some animal who shall watch some boys is helping some children .	is some animal who shall watch some boys helping some children ?
some horse who is finding some baby was reaching some animal .	was some horse who is finding some baby reaching some animal ?
the person who can know some person has tried .	has the person who can know some person tried ?
those people that some horses were visiting are calling some horses that do call those horses .	are those people that some horses were visiting calling some horses that do call those horses ?
some baby who is drawing has read .	has some baby who is drawing read ?
some people who shall sit can watch some babies behind this person .	can some people who shall sit watch some babies behind this person ?
those animals who have sat were calling the babies by some child .	were those animals who have sat calling the babies by some child ?
this animal that has fed this girl would help some child who does play .	would this animal that has fed this girl help some child who does play ?
the people who can work have visited this boy behind the baby .	have the people who can work visited this boy behind the baby ?
the children who some people did help have slept .	have the children who some people did help slept ?
some horses that the boys were picking are seeing this person who was reaching those animals .	are some horses that the boys were picking seeing this person who was reaching those animals ?
the people who are feeding those girls would find some horses that have helped this boy .	would the people who are feeding those girls find some horses that have helped this boy ?
the horse who this horse would visit has read .	has the horse who this horse would visit read ?
some girls who were feeding the children have fallen .	have some girls who were feeding the children fallen ?
the horses that this person did help are picking some baby .	are the horses that this person did help picking some baby ?
the people who have played can help some person behind this horse .	can the people who have played help some person behind this horse ?
some boy who did fall is trying .	is some boy who did fall trying ?
the animal that has known this girl is watching the horses behind some babies .	is the animal that has known this girl watching the horses behind some babies ?
the baby who can play was walking .	was the baby who can play walking ?
the boy that this baby was seeing is sleeping .	is the boy that this baby was seeing sleeping ?
this baby that some animal did help can walk .	can this baby that some animal did help walk ?
some animal who this boy has found is feeding some people that shall sleep .	is some animal who this boy has found feeding some people that shall sleep ?
those boys that the people are seeing would try .	would those boys that the people are seeing try ?
some boy who those animals can reach has talked .	has some boy who those animals can reach talked ?
those boys who did help those girls were siting .	were those boys who did help those girls siting ?
the girls that the horses did see do work .	do the girls that the horses did see work ?
some people who were finding the horses would walk .	would some people who were finding the horses walk ?
some baby who can walk shall read .	shall some baby who can walk read ?
the people that some boy has picked would sleep .	would the people that some boy has picked sleep ?
some people who have reached those girls were visiting this person that has talked .	were some people who have reached those girls visiting this person that has talked ?
this boy who the animal was picking would walk .	would this boy who the animal was picking walk ?
this boy who some boy would watch was playing .	was this boy who some boy would watch playing ?
this girl that has helped some animal was reading .	was this girl that has helped some animal reading ?
the babies who are feeding the baby have walked .	have the babies who are feeding the baby walked ?
the babies that this child has known shall feed some boy by some boy .	shall the babies that this child has known feed some boy by some boy ?
those horses that some person would reach have read .	have those horses that some person would reach read ?
this child that the girl shall watch has found some girls by the person .	has this child that the girl shall watch found some girls by the person ?
those animals who would play are helping some babies .	are those animals who would play helping some babies ?
this girl who those children are seeing did draw .	did this girl who those children are seeing draw ?
those babies that some children were helping did work .	did those babies that some children were helping work ?
some girls that some person has visited are reading .	are some girls that some person has visited reading ?
some horse who is calling the children has tried .	has some horse who is calling the children tried ?
this person who does reach the girls was reading .	was this person who does reach the girls reading ?
those horses who some girls have watched are talking .	are those horses who some girls have watched talking ?
some people who shall watch this horse have talked .	have some people who shall watch this horse talked ?
this girl that has picked this animal would sleep .	would this girl that has picked this animal sleep ?
those boys that the babies have fed did play .	did those boys that the babies have fed play ?
this animal that the girl can visit does call those boys who have worked .	does this animal that the girl can visit call those boys who have worked ?
the child that this horse has reached would watch this girl by this child .	would the child that this horse has reached watch this girl by this child ?
this girl who can reach the babies is walking .	is this girl who can reach the babies walking ?
the people that did find the baby were finding some people behind those animals .	were the people that did find the baby finding some people behind those animals ?
the horse who some babies do find shall know some animals behind some baby .	shall the horse who some babies do find know some animals behind some baby ?
some baby who the boys would know did see those horses behind the babies .	did some baby who the boys would know see those horses behind the babies ?
those animals that have known those children were playing .	were those animals that have known those children playing ?
the children who the horse does visit are picking some child that did watch those girls .	are the children who the horse does visit picking some child that did watch those girls ?
the children who some animal has seen have fed some person .	have the children who some animal has seen fed some person ?
the animal that is trying shall pick the child .	shall the animal that is trying pick the child ?
the girl that has helped this child was trying .	was the girl that has helped this child trying ?
some person who has fed the boy was sleeping .	was some person who has fed the boy sleeping ?
this girl that has helped some animals can sit .	can this girl that has helped some animals sit ?
some boys that did draw were working .	were some boys that did draw working ?
some child who is knowing this baby shall try .	shall some child who is knowing this baby try ?
the horses that are seeing the animals have visited the babies .	have the horses that are seeing the animals visited the babies ?
the children who are visiting the horse have fallen .	have the children who are visiting the horse fallen ?
some horse that has played would feed this person behind some children .	would some horse that has played feed this person behind some children ?
the horse who has fed some boy was walking .	was the horse who has fed some boy walking ?
this animal that the girl was visiting did fall .	did this animal that the girl was visiting fall ?
the animal who did help those girls does reach this boy behind some person .	does the animal who did help those girls reach this boy behind some person ?
the animal who was reaching the child has tried .	has the animal who was reaching the child tried ?
some babies who are reaching this girl have talked .	have some babies who are reaching this girl talked ?
some girls that some animals have found were visiting the child behind those babies .	were some girls that some animals have found visiting the child behind those babies ?
some children who were seeing some horse shall read .	shall some children who were seeing some horse read ?
some boys that this boy is picking have drawn .	have some boys that this boy is picking drawn ?
some people that this animal has seen do read .	do some people that this animal has seen read ?
some boys that some horses have known shall pick those girls .	shall some boys that some horses have known pick those girls ?
some babies that the person would see have tried .	have some babies that the person would see tried ?
the animals that shall talk can fall .	can the animals that shall talk fall ?
the horses that do find this boy were walking .	were the horses that do find this boy walking ?
those people that are seeing the girls shall feed those babies behind some girls .	shall those people that are seeing the girls feed those babies behind some girls ?
the child who shall talk was playing .	was the child who shall talk playing ?
this child who is drawing has called this horse who is finding some boy .	has this child who is drawing called this horse who is finding some boy ?
the person who some boys shall pick did walk .	did the person who some boys shall pick walk ?
the babies who the person has visited are falling .	are the babies who the person has visited falling ?
some baby that some people can pick has visited some girls behind some baby .	has some baby that some people can pick visited some girls behind some baby ?
this boy who this baby can watch has played .	has this boy who this baby can watch played ?
those children that this person would reach are reading .	are those children that this person would reach reading ?
the animals who were finding some boys shall talk .	shall the animals who were finding some boys talk ?
some person who some children have fed did feed this boy behind the girl .	did some person who some children have fed feed this boy behind the girl ?
the boys who did watch this baby have found some boys who those babies have picked .	have the boys who did watch this baby found some boys who those babies have picked ?
some girls who those babies were feeding are sleeping .	are some girls who those babies were feeding sleeping ?
some boys who are playing were calling some animal behind those children .	were some boys who are playing calling some animal behind those children ?
some children that were working would sleep .	would some children that were working sleep ?
some girls that have fed the people were playing .	were some girls that have fed the people playing ?
this person that has picked some horses shall draw .	shall this person that has picked some horses draw ?
those boys who shall find those horses have picked some animals who did help the horses .	have those boys who shall find those horses picked some animals who did help the horses ?
the children who this person has helped have sat .	have the children who this person has helped sat ?
some person who some animal has found does work .	does some person who some animal has found work ?
some girl who this girl was seeing shall walk .	shall some girl who this girl was seeing walk ?
the animal that does feed those girls has drawn .	has the animal that does feed those girls drawn ?
some animal that some person would feed has found the boys that have helped some boy .	has some animal that some person would feed found the boys that have helped some boy ?
the girls that have watched the boys do find those babies by some horse .	do the girls that have watched the boys find those babies by some horse ?
some boy who is walking did sit .	did some boy who is walking sit ?
those children that those people were seeing would sleep .	would those children that those people were seeing sleep ?
those animals that did try would call the people .	would those animals that did try call the people ?
the girls who have fed the horses shall see some boys by those people .	shall the girls who have fed the horses see some boys by those people ?
those people who the child was knowing do sit .	do those people who the child was knowing sit ?
the animals that this boy was watching are finding some babies .	are the animals that this boy was watching finding some babies ?
some person that the children are knowing can talk .	can some person that the children are knowing talk ?
some animals who have seen some people shall fall .	shall some animals who have seen some people fall ?
those boys that have found some horses are working .	are those boys that have found some horses working ?
those horses who this boy shall reach can call the boys by some baby .	can those horses who this boy shall reach call the boys by some baby ?
some boy that the horses shall know has tried .	has some boy that the horses shall know tried ?
some horses that the baby was seeing do play .	do some horses that the baby was seeing play ?
this baby who the horses would visit was knowing this girl behind those babies .	was this baby who the horses would visit knowing this girl behind those babies ?
some boys that some children were knowing have helped some baby by the person .	have some boys that some children were knowing helped some baby by the person ?
those animals who have walked can help some child .	can those animals who have walked help some child ?
some babies who some children would find can know those girls by the child .	can some babies who some children would find know those girls by the child ?
those girls who the people do see were seeing some animals by this animal .	were those girls who the people do see seeing some animals by this animal ?
those people who are trying have drawn .	have those people who are trying drawn ?
the child that this child is helping was siting .	was the child that this child is helping siting ?
the person that some animals were watching has fallen .	has the person that some animals were watching fallen ?
the babies who this horse has found would know the animals behind this baby .	would the babies who this horse has found know the animals behind this baby ?
this horse that was falling has played .	has this horse that was falling played ?
this baby who the babies are feeding has fallen .	has this baby who the babies are feeding fallen ?
the person that is helping this horse has walked .	has the person that is helping this horse walked ?
the boys who were visiting this animal are sleeping .	are the boys who were visiting this animal sleeping ?
the horse that some girl has found is working .	is the horse that some girl has found working ?
the girl that some people can see is calling the girls who would call the girl .	is the girl that some people can see calling the girls who would call the girl ?
the girls who were picking the person are sleeping .	are the girls who were picking the person sleeping ?
those people who the child would find have fed this girl who some horses shall reach .	have those people who the child would find fed this girl who some horses shall reach ?
this baby that some child can see is picking some children by this girl .	is this baby that some child can see picking some children by this girl ?
this boy that has known the boys shall see those children by those horses .	shall this boy that has known the boys see those children by those horses ?
the girls that do find this animal have tried .	have the girls that do find this animal tried ?
some girl who this child would see has sat .	has some girl who this child would see sat ?
those babies who this horse was helping would sleep .	would those babies who this horse was helping sleep ?
this girl that the babies would pick was playing .	was this girl that the babies would pick playing ?
some animal who is talking shall help some child behind those animals .	shall some animal who is talking help some child behind those animals ?
this animal who would know some animal has reached this animal that has tried .	has this animal who would know some animal reached this animal that has tried ?
this horse that has visited some child is playing .	is this horse that has visited some child playing ?
the children that did know the child are calling the boy by some animal .	are the children that did know the child calling the boy by some animal ?
the person who has picked the babies was drawing .	was the person who has picked the babies drawing ?
the animal who did find some babies can sit .	can the animal who did find some babies sit ?
those people who some babies would visit did see the boys by some child .	did those people who some babies would visit see the boys by some child ?
the boy who was working has slept .	has the boy who was working slept ?
the person who would feed the girl can walk .	can the person who would feed the girl walk ?
some people that the horses are finding did pick this animal behind some animal .	did some people that the horses are finding pick this animal behind some animal ?
some child who the animal shall see has known some person by those people .	has some child who the animal shall see known some person by those people ?
those boys who those boys are seeing can sit .	can those boys who those boys are seeing sit ?
some horse that has talked did walk .	did some horse that has talked walk ?
the horses who can feed the horses were watching those girls .	were the horses who can feed the horses watching those girls ?
this girl who would pick this boy is reading .	is this girl who would pick this boy reading ?
those horses that can know the baby do know some horses who have talked .	do those horses that can know the baby know some horses who have talked ?
some person that did help this person can pick those horses by some boy .	can some person that did help this person pick those horses by some boy ?
those people that were knowing the animal would feed the person behind some girls .	would those people that were knowing the animal feed the person behind some girls ?
some people who do fall shall talk .	shall some people who do fall talk ?
some boys who the child does watch shall know some horse who would help the baby .	shall some boys who the child does watch know some horse who would help the baby ?
this child who was working is siting .	is this child who was working siting ?
some girls that the children shall reach have watched some children .	have some girls that the children shall reach watched some children ?
some boy who is reading was walking .	was some boy who is reading walking ?
some boys who the horse was helping have read .	have some boys who the horse was helping read ?
those people that the boys did visit shall draw .	shall those people that the boys did visit draw ?
those boys who those babies would call have called the baby behind some baby .	have those boys who those babies would call called the baby behind some baby ?
the child that the girl was knowing would sleep .	would the child that the girl was knowing sleep ?
some babies that were calling the horse have found those girls .	have some babies that were calling the horse found those girls ?
this boy who some boy is feeding has walked .	has this boy who some boy is feeding walked ?
the girls that some horse has known would call the people .	would the girls that some horse has known call the people ?
the boys that did reach some horses shall sit .	shall the boys that did reach some horses sit ?
those girls who do feed this girl can visit the animal by some babies .	can those girls who do feed this girl visit the animal by some babies ?
the animal that shall pick this animal is helping the baby by the child .	is the animal that shall pick this animal helping the baby by the child ?
the boy who some boys did visit has drawn .	has the boy who some boys did visit drawn ?
some person who is visiting this horse does read .	does some person who is visiting this horse read ?
the baby that this horse would feed is feeding some horses who are walking .	is the baby that this horse would feed feeding some horses who are walking ?
those girls that did help the boy were finding the boy who the girls are calling .	were those girls that did help the boy finding the boy who the girls are calling ?
those children that would sit have tried .	have those children that would sit tried ?
those boys that did help those people have read .	have those boys that did help those people read ?
the baby that has known those girls was walking .	was the baby that has known those girls walking ?
the children who those animals have picked would feed some boy behind those horses .	would the children who those animals have picked feed some boy behind those horses ?
some girls that shall call some people have watched some animals that have tried .	have some girls that shall call some people watched some animals that have tried ?
some horse who can sit was falling .	was some horse who can sit falling ?
the boy that does play was knowing those boys .	was the boy that does play knowing those boys ?
some person that does know this animal did talk .	did some person that does know this animal talk ?
this horse that can fall has worked .	has this horse that can fall worked ?
those horses that do watch the boy can play .	can those horses that do watch the boy play ?
this girl who has walked is trying .	is this girl who has walked trying ?
the baby who does pick some horses did read .	did the baby who does pick some horses read ?
the person that does pick this child can visit this animal that has slept .	can the person that does pick this child visit this animal that has slept ?
the babies that this baby was helping are helping the baby by the child .	are the babies that this baby was helping helping the baby by the child ?
the animal who this boy has known shall work .	shall the animal who this boy has known work ?
some animal who the child has helped was playing .	was some animal who the child has helped playing ?
the animal who the babies have watched can visit some babies by those animals .	can the animal who the babies have watched visit some babies by those animals ?
some horses that can sleep do play .	do some horses that can sleep play ?
this horse that shall know those children is watching those animals who have fed those girls .	is this horse that shall know those children watching those animals who have fed those girls ?
this boy who is finding the child was picking this child by this boy .	was this boy who is finding the child picking this child by this boy ?
some girls who have reached the horse were sleeping .	were some girls who have reached the horse sleeping ?
some animal who the horses shall pick is falling .	is some animal who the horses shall pick falling ?
the animal who shall see some horse is working .	is the animal who shall see some horse working ?
some horse that is falling was falling .	was some horse that is falling falling ?
some animals that the boy has called do sit .	do some animals that the boy has called sit ?
some horses who the people were feeding did reach those people behind the girl .	did some horses who the people were feeding reach those people behind the girl ?
the people that have worked shall find the boys that the horse is feeding .	shall the people that have worked find the boys that the horse is feeding ?
the boys that this baby shall know have picked those girls behind those children .	have the boys that this baby shall know picked those girls behind those children ?
some people who have seen some girls were siting .	were some people who have seen some girls siting ?
those animals who have called some children were feeding some boys by the animals .	were those animals who have called some children feeding some boys by the animals ?
some girl who the horse can reach was helping this horse .	was some girl who the horse can reach helping this horse ?
the babies that do find some babies have tried .	have the babies that do find some babies tried ?
this boy who the people are visiting shall visit some boys .	shall this boy who the people are visiting visit some boys ?
those people that this boy would pick have fed those animals that this child is feeding .	have those people that this boy would pick fed those animals that this child is feeding ?
the person that has drawn was picking this horse behind some boys .	was the person that has drawn picking this horse behind some boys ?
those girls who the girls can find have worked .	have those girls who the girls can find worked ?
some animals who those horses can call have seen this horse .	have some animals who those horses can call seen this horse ?
some boys that have found the babies did play .	did some boys that have found the babies play ?
those horses who the animal has visited were trying .	were those horses who the animal has visited trying ?
this person who some people were watching has sat .	has this person who some people were watching sat ?
the animal that is knowing some children was drawing .	was the animal that is knowing some children drawing ?
some animal that was picking some horse does call this person .	does some animal that was picking some horse call this person ?
some boy who does reach this child shall help the horses that were picking this animal .	shall some boy who does reach this child help the horses that were picking this animal ?
some babies that the baby has found were trying .	were some babies that the baby has found trying ?
the child that the girl was knowing is talking .	is the child that the girl was knowing talking ?
the boy who the person does call has visited this child .	has the boy who the person does call visited this child ?
the girls that would watch the people are finding some boys .	are the girls that would watch the people finding some boys ?
those horses that those people have fed are seeing some boys that the girl has fed .	are those horses that those people have fed seeing some boys that the girl has fed ?
the horse that the baby was reaching has tried .	has the horse that the baby was reaching tried ?
the people that have visited some animals do draw .	do the people that have visited some animals draw ?
some baby who is helping the animals has talked .	has some baby who is helping the animals talked ?
the people that this boy has helped do reach this girl who is falling .	do the people that this boy has helped reach this girl who is falling ?
the child who those people have watched does read .	does the child who those people have watched read ?
the horses who the girls are watching were siting .	were the horses who the girls are watching siting ?
the boy who some people were feeding does walk .	does the boy who some people were feeding walk ?
some person that has called those boys was calling some baby behind some boys .	was some person that has called those boys calling some baby behind some boys ?
some horse that has fed those people does talk .	does some horse that has fed those people talk ?
this girl that shall reach the girls does visit the animal that this child is visiting .	does this girl that shall reach the girls visit the animal that this child is visiting ?
those animals who are helping the boy do walk .	do those animals who are helping the boy walk ?
the animal who was seeing those horses does know the boys .	does the animal who was seeing those horses know the boys ?
the child that would play is working .	is the child that would play working ?
this horse who was reading can feed this horse behind the child .	can this horse who was reading feed this horse behind the child ?
some people who those girls have known shall help some boys .	shall some people who those girls have known help some boys ?
this child who this baby was helping has talked .	has this child who this baby was helping talked ?
some boy that those children did know has walked .	has some boy that those children did know walked ?
some people that this girl has seen have visited some horse by those horses .	have some people that this girl has seen visited some horse by those horses ?
the baby that the babies can know has picked the babies that the children were visiting .	has the baby that the babies can know picked the babies that the children were visiting ?
those babies who can call the animal were picking this animal .	were those babies who can call the animal picking this animal ?
some girl who some people have watched has helped some animal by some boy .	has some girl who some people have watched helped some animal by some boy ?
the horse that was helping the people is falling .	is the horse that was helping the people falling ?
those people who have reached some boys are siting .	are those people who have reached some boys siting ?
this baby who the horses were calling would feed those girls .	would this baby who the horses were calling feed those girls ?
this boy that those horses have fed can work .	can this boy that those horses have fed work ?
some horses who were working shall fall .	shall some horses who were working fall ?
the boys that some horse can watch have sat .	have the boys that some horse can watch sat ?
this person who is drawing would walk .	would this person who is drawing walk ?
some girl who was finding this person shall help some boys by the animal .	shall some girl who was finding this person help some boys by the animal ?
some girls that have watched this person are reading .	are some girls that have watched this person reading ?
those children who have fed the boy did work .	did those children who have fed the boy work ?
some girls that the babies have found are walking .	are some girls that the babies have found walking ?
some horses who the animals did find have drawn .	have some horses who the animals did find drawn ?
the person that this horse did help was seeing those boys by this child .	was the person that this horse did help seeing those boys by this child ?
those babies that are calling this person have picked some animal behind this girl .	have those babies that are calling this person picked some animal behind this girl ?
some people who some horses are finding would find the horses behind the babies .	would some people who some horses are finding find the horses behind the babies ?
the girl who has visited those horses did draw .	did the girl who has visited those horses draw ?
those boys that some children do feed are finding the animal by the animals .	are those boys that some children do feed finding the animal by the animals ?
the babies who have picked those girls do visit the horse who this baby would visit .	do the babies who have picked those girls visit the horse who this baby would visit ?
some animals that have reached the people shall visit the animals .	shall some animals that have reached the people visit the animals ?
the animal who the girls were seeing was sleeping .	was the animal who the girls were seeing sleeping ?
the animals who are sleeping have seen this child by the animal .	have the animals who are sleeping seen this child by the animal ?
this child that the child has reached is feeding those horses behind the horse .	is this child that the child has reached feeding those horses behind the horse ?
the people who were drawing have drawn .	have the people who were drawing drawn ?
some boy that some animals would know does find the people that this animal has known .	does some boy that some animals would know find the people that this animal has known ?
some child that was helping some person did reach some people behind the children .	did some child that was helping some person reach some people behind the children ?
some girl that the horses were helping shall help this boy .	shall some girl that the horses were helping help this boy ?
those animals that this girl has visited were picking some horses behind this horse .	were those animals that this girl has visited picking some horses behind this horse ?
those horses that can talk are visiting some animals that have called some child .	are those horses that can talk visiting some animals that have called some child ?
the people who are calling some animal have worked .	have the people who are calling some animal worked ?
the person that did read can know this boy that was talking .	can the person that did read know this boy that was talking ?
the person who the person was feeding can know some boys by this baby .	can the person who the person was feeding know some boys by this baby ?
those children that were picking this horse have talked .	have those children that were picking this horse talked ?
some baby who has visited the people does visit the horse by some girls .	does some baby who has visited the people visit the horse by some girls ?
some children that some people shall pick were trying .	were some children that some people shall pick trying ?
this boy that some baby has watched did reach the children that the baby is calling .	did this boy that some baby has watched reach the children that the baby is calling ?
the animals who were picking the baby did watch some boys behind the children .	did the animals who were picking the baby watch some boys behind the children ?
this boy who has helped some children did play .	did this boy who has helped some children play ?
some girl who some people would reach has played .	has some girl who some people would reach played ?
some animals that have walked would sit .	would some animals that have walked sit ?
some boy that is reaching this animal can draw .	can some boy that is reaching this animal draw ?
some babies that can draw are picking some girls by some boy .	are some babies that can draw picking some girls by some boy ?
the child who is trying shall sleep .	shall the child who is trying sleep ?
some girls that were seeing some girl did watch the horses .	did some girls that were seeing some girl watch the horses ?
those boys who shall know the girl have called the girl behind those girls .	have those boys who shall know the girl called the girl behind those girls ?
some children who were seeing some children did know this horse by those animals .	did some children who were seeing some children know this horse by those animals ?
the people who did talk have fed some horses behind the child .	have the people who did talk fed some horses behind the child ?
the animal that was visiting the animal is watching the animals that have visited some person .	is the animal that was visiting the animal watching the animals that have visited some person ?
this child that can walk is picking some girls .	is this child that can walk picking some girls ?
this girl who some child shall watch was talking .	was this girl who some child shall watch talking ?
the children that the boy would know are picking some girls behind the horse .	are the children that the boy would know picking some girls behind the horse ?
the children that some horse is reaching did pick some boys by those boys .	did the children that some horse is reaching pick some boys by those boys ?
the children that those girls shall reach have helped the animals .	have the children that those girls shall reach helped the animals ?
the baby who those children shall watch has reached the boys behind those babies .	has the baby who those children shall watch reached the boys behind those babies ?
the baby who this child has helped can reach some people who have visited the child .	can the baby who this child has helped reach some people who have visited the child ?
some baby that the animal has picked was playing .	was some baby that the animal has picked playing ?
some boy who this child was seeing shall read .	shall some boy who this child was seeing read ?
some girl who did call some horse would see the children that do read .	would some girl who did call some horse see the children that do read ?
the girls that did talk do talk .	do the girls that did talk talk ?
the girl that has seen some animal was falling .	was the girl that has seen some animal falling ?
those animals who the horse shall find have watched some babies that the horse does reach .	have those animals who the horse shall find watched some babies that the horse does reach ?
some person that can help those people has helped some horse .	has some person that can help those people helped some horse ?
the boys who some horse has fed were falling .	were the boys who some horse has fed falling ?
some children that can reach some boy are talking .	are some children that can reach some boy talking ?
the child who some boys are reaching can sleep .	can the child who some boys are reaching sleep ?
this person that is reading does visit those people by some animal .	does this person that is reading visit those people by some animal ?
the boy who has sat did reach some girls by the people .	did the boy who has sat reach some girls by the people ?
some horses who do sleep are walking .	are some horses who do sleep walking ?
the animal that did find the horse is reaching some children by some babies .	is the animal that did find the horse reaching some children by some babies ?
the boys who the animals would see have sat .	have the boys who the animals would see sat ?
the animals who the person is calling have walked .	have the animals who the person is calling walked ?
the boys that some girl shall reach did talk .	did the boys that some girl shall reach talk ?
this baby who the girls do watch was playing .	was this baby who the girls do watch playing ?
those babies that would reach some girls do walk .	do those babies that would reach some girls walk ?
the people that were playing are working .	are the people that were playing working ?
some baby that is playing can work .	can some baby that is playing work ?
some babies that were watching those horses shall read .	shall some babies that were watching those horses read ?
some people who are watching those people have helped some people behind some people .	have some people who are watching those people helped some people behind some people ?
this person that would draw was reaching some animals by this animal .	was this person that would draw reaching some animals by this animal ?
some children that did work were reaching those animals behind the baby .	were some children that did work reaching those animals behind the baby ?
the horses that the girl has seen have read .	have the horses that the girl has seen read ?
the boy that is reaching some animal shall watch some boys .	shall the boy that is reaching some animal watch some boys ?
this baby who some girl does reach has visited this girl .	has this baby who some girl does reach visited this girl ?
the animal that has called the girl is talking .	is the animal that has called the girl talking ?
the babies that were finding some animals have played .	have the babies that were finding some animals played ?
the animal that was picking this boy has drawn .	has the animal that was picking this boy drawn ?
this person that was falling has sat .	has this person that was falling sat ?
some girls that were finding this girl can read .	can some girls that were finding this girl read ?
those children who the children were feeding do know some animal .	do those children who the children were feeding know some animal ?
this animal that has walked can know the boy that the boys have visited .	can this animal that has walked know the boy that the boys have visited ?
some animal that those children have visited is finding some girls behind the babies .	is some animal that those children have visited finding some girls behind the babies ?
the boys that are seeing some babies have known some child by some boys .	have the boys that are seeing some babies known some child by some boys ?
some children who were watching those boys did call those boys who this baby did watch .	did some children who were watching those boys call those boys who this baby did watch ?
some boy that is finding some animal would talk .	would some boy that is finding some animal talk ?
this baby who the girl would pick can try .	can this baby who the girl would pick try ?
this baby that shall draw has known those people who some children are picking .	has this baby that shall draw known those people who some children are picking ?
some animal that some person is visiting has called the person that some child has visited .	has some animal that some person is visiting called the person that some child has visited ?
this child that those girls have seen has visited some girl by some people .	has this child that those girls have seen visited some girl by some people ?
the baby that has fallen would draw .	would the baby that has fallen draw ?
the animals that were visiting those horses have visited this horse .	have the animals that were visiting those horses visited this horse ?
the baby who some horses are finding has picked some boys behind the horse .	has the baby who some horses are finding picked some boys behind the horse ?
some people that shall see the babies are drawing .	are some people that shall see the babies drawing ?
those people that were watching the baby have talked .	have those people that were watching the baby talked ?
the babies who shall reach this horse have sat .	have the babies who shall reach this horse sat ?
the baby who some girl has reached did work .	did the baby who some girl has reached work ?
this horse that is watching some baby was knowing some girl behind the babies .	was this horse that is watching some baby knowing some girl behind the babies ?
the baby that does play can watch those boys by this animal .	can the baby that does play watch those boys by this animal ?
some person that has worked does see this child that is calling this animal .	does some person that has worked see this child that is calling this animal ?
the boy that some girls did pick has called some boy behind those people .	has the boy that some girls did pick called some boy behind those people ?
some horses who have called some children are feeding this girl by the children .	are some horses who have called some children feeding this girl by the children ?
the horse who has seen this girl does work .	does the horse who has seen this girl work ?
some people that can see some animals have picked the boy behind this girl .	have some people that can see some animals picked the boy behind this girl ?
some person who would sit is siting .	is some person who would sit siting ?
this animal who is reaching some children did fall .	did this animal who is reaching some children fall ?
the boys who this girl has called would work .	would the boys who this girl has called work ?
this girl that those horses would visit can visit some animals by those children .	can this girl that those horses would visit visit some animals by those children ?
the babies who shall see the baby were picking this baby .	were the babies who shall see the baby picking this baby ?
those animals that are talking would see the boy .	would those animals that are talking see the boy ?
this boy that has helped the people shall know those horses by this girl .	shall this boy that has helped the people know those horses by this girl ?
the girls who would sit have helped some horse who some baby has helped .	have the girls who would sit helped some horse who some baby has helped ?
some child that this animal has called does watch some baby that this baby has seen .	does some child that this animal has called watch some baby that this baby has seen ?
those girls who did sit are walking .	are those girls who did sit walking ?
this boy who is calling some animal has walked .	has this boy who is calling some animal walked ?
those children that did know the babies do sleep .	do those children that did know the babies sleep ?
those girls who do draw have fallen .	have those girls who do draw fallen ?
the boys that have known the boy were trying .	were the boys that have known the boy trying ?
some girls that shall visit this boy have fed some girls behind those children .	have some girls that shall visit this boy fed some girls behind those children ?
the boys that did sit can work .	can the boys that did sit work ?
some babies that are trying do see some person .	do some babies that are trying see some person ?
those babies who were reading have watched the child behind the children .	have those babies who were reading watched the child behind the children ?
some people who do work have tried .	have some people who do work tried ?
some horse that shall see some boys is drawing .	is some horse that shall see some boys drawing ?
the baby who did reach the girl does sleep .	does the baby who did reach the girl sleep ?
the girl that shall watch this horse does visit this baby .	does the girl that shall watch this horse visit this baby ?
some person who some girl was reaching did sit .	did some person who some girl was reaching sit ?
some boys who shall call this person do fall .	do some boys who shall call this person fall ?
the animals that were trying did play .	did the animals that were trying play ?
some girls that the person was watching would walk .	would some girls that the person was watching walk ?
some horses that the child has found have picked the children behind the horse .	have some horses that the child has found picked the children behind the horse ?
the boys that were watching this boy did visit the boys behind some babies .	did the boys that were watching this boy visit the boys behind some babies ?
some baby that those boys were seeing has found some girl .	has some baby that those boys were seeing found some girl ?
this child who has visited some boys would find the animals by this person .	would this child who has visited some boys find the animals by this person ?
some girl that has visited the children was finding some boy that was reaching this child .	was some girl that has visited the children finding some boy that was reaching this child ?
the person that was drawing does talk .	does the person that was drawing talk ?
the child that has called the person does try .	does the child that has called the person try ?
the animal who has fed the horses shall visit some children by some baby .	shall the animal who has fed the horses visit some children by some baby ?
some children that were seeing some girls can read .	can some children that were seeing some girls read ?
some animal who is sleeping has talked .	has some animal who is sleeping talked ?
this boy who does visit this horse has picked the baby behind the babies .	has this boy who does visit this horse picked the baby behind the babies ?
those animals that the baby has watched were talking .	were those animals that the baby has watched talking ?
the boy that has fed the person did visit this animal that this person has called .	did the boy that has fed the person visit this animal that this person has called ?
the girl that shall help the people does play .	does the girl that shall help the people play ?
this child that the girl is finding shall call those horses behind the boys .	shall this child that the girl is finding call those horses behind the boys ?
the horse that those children have seen is picking some person by those people .	is the horse that those children have seen picking some person by those people ?
this horse that has sat can walk .	can this horse that has sat walk ?
some boy who this baby has watched would call this animal by the babies .	would some boy who this baby has watched call this animal by the babies ?
the animal that the horses have helped can reach some child by the girls .	can the animal that the horses have helped reach some child by the girls ?
the child that was playing would reach this person behind the girl .	would the child that was playing reach this person behind the girl ?
some girls who have drawn do sleep .	do some girls who have drawn sleep ?
the animal who those boys do call was reaching those children .	was the animal who those boys do call reaching those children ?
this girl that some boy was knowing is feeding those children .	is this girl that some boy was knowing feeding those children ?
the person who those people shall call has slept .	has the person who those people shall call slept ?
this boy who did talk has tried .	has this boy who did talk tried ?
the babies that some boy would watch did try .	did the babies that some boy would watch try ?
this person who would talk has played .	has this person who would talk played ?
some people who those horses have picked are playing .	are some people who those horses have picked playing ?
the animal that some girls would know has walked .	has the animal that some girls would know walked ?
the horse that some people are reaching has drawn .	has the horse that some people are reaching drawn ?
some child who this horse did find was seeing the horse .	was some child who this horse did find seeing the horse ?
the person that some animals are picking is picking the animals that the children have known .	is the person that some animals are picking picking the animals that the children have known ?
the horse that some animal was reaching has watched this boy by some girl .	has the horse that some animal was reaching watched this boy by some girl ?
the baby who some children have watched was reaching those boys by those children .	was the baby who some children have watched reaching those boys by those children ?
some girls that can visit some babies would pick the person by some girls .	would some girls that can visit some babies pick the person by some girls ?
some horse that some baby would find shall pick some children behind some person .	shall some horse that some baby would find pick some children behind some person ?
the people who some children are watching have called this boy by the horse .	have the people who some children are watching called this boy by the horse ?
the child who this baby was knowing has walked .	has the child who this baby was knowing walked ?
this girl that has talked can watch some horse who is sleeping .	can this girl that has talked watch some horse who is sleeping ?
the horse that is feeding some girls does draw .	does the horse that is feeding some girls draw ?
some baby that did draw would draw .	would some baby that did draw draw ?
some boy that has known some children is walking .	is some boy that has known some children walking ?
those animals who this person was knowing are knowing the girls that are finding the horses .	are those animals who this person was knowing knowing the girls that are finding the horses ?
some boy that can walk is siting .	is some boy that can walk siting ?
the people who did work are visiting this girl behind those people .	are the people who did work visiting this girl behind those people ?
the babies that are trying did play .	did the babies that are trying play ?
the baby that has watched the horse did reach this girl .	did the baby that has watched the horse reach this girl ?
the animal who some girls are reaching is playing .	is the animal who some girls are reaching playing ?
some person that is watching those children was watching the animal by some boys .	was some person that is watching those children watching the animal by some boys ?
the boys that this girl did visit are walking .	are the boys that this girl did visit walking ?
those boys that the girls would feed were working .	were those boys that the girls would feed working ?
some animal who does pick the child would feed some children behind those people .	would some animal who does pick the child feed some children behind those people ?
the animals who are reaching some boy were reading .	were the animals who are reaching some boy reading ?
the animal that was seeing some animal did find the girl who is knowing those boys .	did the animal that was seeing some animal find the girl who is knowing those boys ?
the boy that would see some animal shall sleep .	shall the boy that would see some animal sleep ?
those girls that the horses would help are working .	are those girls that the horses would help working ?
the boys who were picking the babies did sleep .	did the boys who were picking the babies sleep ?
the people that this horse has reached have slept .	have the people that this horse has reached slept ?
the animal who can walk did know the babies who do sleep .	did the animal who can walk know the babies who do sleep ?
some child that the child has picked shall see those animals who shall know some person .	shall some child that the child has picked see those animals who shall know some person ?
the child who has found this baby was falling .	was the child who has found this baby falling ?
the babies who can see this girl have seen some baby by the child .	have the babies who can see this girl seen some baby by the child ?
some people who were playing are siting .	are some people who were playing siting ?
some baby that was visiting the children has helped the girl by the people .	has some baby that was visiting the children helped the girl by the people ?
this baby that the people were reaching can walk .	can this baby that the people were reaching walk ?
those animals that some girls did find have reached the child who has called the girls .	have those animals that some girls did find reached the child who has called the girls ?
this boy who was drawing has seen some girls who those babies have picked .	has this boy who was drawing seen some girls who those babies have picked ?
those babies that have picked some child are watching the horses by those boys .	are those babies that have picked some child watching the horses by those boys ?
this girl that is knowing some person has played .	has this girl that is knowing some person played ?
some person that those horses are helping does talk .	does some person that those horses are helping talk ?
the child who the animal is helping has helped the people by some horses .	has the child who the animal is helping helped the people by some horses ?
this girl that some children were picking did feed those children behind the people .	did this girl that some children were picking feed those children behind the people ?
those animals that some horse is picking have found some boys behind some animals .	have those animals that some horse is picking found some boys behind some animals ?
the boys that have visited this girl can try .	can the boys that have visited this girl try ?
some horses who would visit some baby are picking this girl by the people .	are some horses who would visit some baby picking this girl by the people ?
some girl who has slept was picking the horses behind some children .	was some girl who has slept picking the horses behind some children ?
this baby who some animal did find was walking .	was this baby who some animal did find walking ?
some girls that the baby has watched have called some babies by the animal .	have some girls that the baby has watched called some babies by the animal ?
some animal that was picking some person does feed the horse .	does some animal that was picking some person feed the horse ?
those horses that would visit some children can see some babies by this boy .	can those horses that would visit some children see some babies by this boy ?
the animals who this horse was helping have helped the person by some horses .	have the animals who this horse was helping helped the person by some horses ?
the boy that has known the babies would work .	would the boy that has known the babies work ?
some animals who some boy has watched do watch those babies who are calling this horse .	do some animals who some boy has watched watch those babies who are calling this horse ?
those horses that did find some children can play .	can those horses that did find some children play ?
some horse who is knowing the boys has seen the boy that did know those babies .	has some horse who is knowing the boys seen the boy that did know those babies ?
the babies that do pick some child are finding those girls .	are the babies that do pick some child finding those girls ?
the animal that this person has watched can play .	can the animal that this person has watched play ?
those girls who can see the girl have walked .	have those girls who can see the girl walked ?
those children that did sit can feed some babies .	can those children that did sit feed some babies ?
the person that has picked some boys did walk .	did the person that has picked some boys walk ?
the babies that did play were working .	were the babies that did play working ?
the girl that the children do find is walking .	is the girl that the children do find walking ?
the child that the people shall reach has seen some animals .	has the child that the people shall reach seen some animals ?
the person that is reading has fed those horses who some children were knowing .	has the person that is reading fed those horses who some children were knowing ?
some children who shall pick the babies have drawn .	have some children who shall pick the babies drawn ?
this boy who is trying has tried .	has this boy who is trying tried ?
some animal who was calling the child has worked .	has some animal who was calling the child worked ?
those babies that are working have picked those children .	have those babies that are working picked those children ?
the babies that the child has visited have read .	have the babies that the child has visited read ?
this child that those people are reaching has fed those girls by those children .	has this child that those people are reaching fed those girls by those children ?
the babies that some girl has seen are reaching the baby that did sleep .	are the babies that some girl has seen reaching the baby that did sleep ?
the boy who can help those babies does call the boy behind the babies .	does the boy who can help those babies call the boy behind the babies ?
this baby who the boys shall find has talked .	has this baby who the boys shall find talked ?
some animal who shall play has tried .	has some animal who shall play tried ?
the girl who has found some baby would work .	would the girl who has found some baby work ?
the girl that those people were calling has found those children by this animal .	has the girl that those people were calling found those children by this animal ?
those children who do help those people have seen the children .	have those children who do help those people seen the children ?
the girls that some child would watch were calling some person who the person was watching .	were the girls that some child would watch calling some person who the person was watching ?
this person who has fed some girls shall help those people behind this animal .	shall this person who has fed some girls help those people behind this animal ?
some girls who this boy is finding did see the person who the girls do see .	did some girls who this boy is finding see the person who the girls do see ?
some baby that did find some horses has talked .	has some baby that did find some horses talked ?
the animal who is reaching some horses was drawing .	was the animal who is reaching some horses drawing ?
the animal that this girl does know can play .	can the animal that this girl does know play ?
the people that are calling the child can read .	can the people that are calling the child read ?
the horse who those babies are helping has watched some person by those babies .	has the horse who those babies are helping watched some person by those babies ?
those people that those people are visiting have worked .	have those people that those people are visiting worked ?
some child who would watch some horses has read .	has some child who would watch some horses read ?
the animal that those animals have picked is falling .	is the animal that those animals have picked falling ?
some boys that some boy does call shall fall .	shall some boys that some boy does call fall ?
this horse who this baby would feed is helping some children by the person .	is this horse who this baby would feed helping some children by the person ?
those children who did help the people have reached some horses .	have those children who did help the people reached some horses ?
the babies that have read do talk .	do the babies that have read talk ?
some horse that the girls did visit has helped the baby .	has some horse that the girls did visit helped the baby ?
the horses that would watch the girl are falling .	are the horses that would watch the girl falling ?
those animals who shall reach the animals are sleeping .	are those animals who shall reach the animals sleeping ?
some boy who can feed this child does pick the children that were reaching those babies .	does some boy who can feed this child pick the children that were reaching those babies ?
some child that this person would pick was knowing some baby behind this horse .	was some child that this person would pick knowing some baby behind this horse ?
this animal who was seeing this boy is walking .	is this animal who was seeing this boy walking ?
the animals that are picking those people shall see the children that some boy shall pick .	shall the animals that are picking those people see the children that some boy shall pick ?
the girls who this child was reaching were knowing the child by some horses .	were the girls who this child was reaching knowing the child by some horses ?
this girl who this girl did reach has talked .	has this girl who this girl did reach talked ?
some girls that those people were feeding shall help the people behind the boy .	shall some girls that those people were feeding help the people behind the boy ?
those boys who some horse has visited were drawing .	were those boys who some horse has visited drawing ?
the boys that the girls do find would draw .	would the boys that the girls do find draw ?
the boys that can work have sat .	have the boys that can work sat ?
the girls that this horse did call can find the animal by the people .	can the girls that this horse did call find the animal by the people ?
some girls who those horses are calling can visit the baby behind the babies .	can some girls who those horses are calling visit the baby behind the babies ?
the baby who the babies were finding was watching those children who would watch the animal .	was the baby who the babies were finding watching those children who would watch the animal ?
this child who did visit those horses was reaching those boys that this girl was helping .	was this child who did visit those horses reaching those boys that this girl was helping ?
the girl who some girls have fed has slept .	has the girl who some girls have fed slept ?
some babies that have worked shall sleep .	shall some babies that have worked sleep ?
some horses who those babies do call have fed the horse behind some children .	have some horses who those babies do call fed the horse behind some children ?
this animal that was reading would watch the boy .	would this animal that was reading watch the boy ?
the girl that can talk is reaching some child .	is the girl that can talk reaching some child ?
some boy who has reached this child shall find those animals who those babies were reaching .	shall some boy who has reached this child find those animals who those babies were reaching ?
some child who some boy was knowing is reading .	is some child who some boy was knowing reading ?
those horses who are knowing the girls can sit .	can those horses who are knowing the girls sit ?
the animals that those people can help shall know the girl by the person .	shall the animals that those people can help know the girl by the person ?
the person that this boy has seen was visiting the child behind some girls .	was the person that this boy has seen visiting the child behind some girls ?
the boy who shall work is visiting some animals .	is the boy who shall work visiting some animals ?
some horses who this animal shall know were walking .	were some horses who this animal shall know walking ?
this horse that was reaching the horse can call some baby .	can this horse that was reaching the horse call some baby ?
some animals that were calling some girls have picked those people who were seeing some people .	have some animals that were calling some girls picked those people who were seeing some people ?
the child who some children can help shall watch some baby who can reach those people .	shall the child who some children can help watch some baby who can reach those people ?
this animal who some people have fed is reaching those people behind the people .	is this animal who some people have fed reaching those people behind the people ?
those animals that shall talk are talking .	are those animals that shall talk talking ?
the horses who this person does call have talked .	have the horses who this person does call talked ?
the person who some boy has seen would visit some babies that some boys were knowing .	would the person who some boy has seen visit some babies that some boys were knowing ?
some person who is watching the child did draw .	did some person who is watching the child draw ?
the people that were calling the animals have drawn .	have the people that were calling the animals drawn ?
this child that can visit some boys has seen the boys .	has this child that can visit some boys seen the boys ?
the baby that the girls have called would call those children by some girls .	would the baby that the girls have called call those children by some girls ?
this child who some children were feeding does draw .	does this child who some children were feeding draw ?
the girls who are seeing some horse would sleep .	would the girls who are seeing some horse sleep ?
the boys who this animal has helped are working .	are the boys who this animal has helped working ?
those people that the boys shall see have talked .	have those people that the boys shall see talked ?
some horses that would reach this girl have visited this animal behind the child .	have some horses that would reach this girl visited this animal behind the child ?
the horses who this person was reaching have played .	have the horses who this person was reaching played ?
those girls that have called those horses were feeding some children .	were those girls that have called those horses feeding some children ?
those animals who some horses were reaching would fall .	would those animals who some horses were reaching fall ?
some child that this child has helped is working .	is some child that this child has helped working ?
this girl who can help some people has tried .	has this girl who can help some people tried ?
some horses that are seeing some horses did talk .	did some horses that are seeing some horses talk ?
the people that were seeing some girls have picked some horses by the boy .	have the people that were seeing some girls picked some horses by the boy ?
the horses that have found some horses are calling this person by the girls .	are the horses that have found some horses calling this person by the girls ?
some person that has seen some animals is seeing some children behind some babies .	is some person that has seen some animals seeing some children behind some babies ?
the baby who was reading would work .	would the baby who was reading work ?
some boy who the child was finding has slept .	has some boy who the child was finding slept ?
the child that the boy has visited did feed some baby .	did the child that the boy has visited feed some baby ?
some boys who would read are picking those babies that the boys would know .	are some boys who would read picking those babies that the boys would know ?
some baby who the animals are seeing was drawing .	was some baby who the animals are seeing drawing ?
the animal who shall pick the girl would pick some children .	would the animal who shall pick the girl pick some children ?
those boys that those children were calling do visit some boy .	do those boys that those children were calling visit some boy ?
this girl who was seeing the girls can read .	can this girl who was seeing the girls read ?
the person who the horses do know did walk .	did the person who the horses do know walk ?
those horses who would know those horses have called some baby behind the child .	have those horses who would know those horses called some baby behind the child ?
the horses who are picking the animals were watching those boys who do feed this girl .	were the horses who are picking the animals watching those boys who do feed this girl ?
the person who those girls are reaching is visiting those boys .	is the person who those girls are reaching visiting those boys ?
the boy that some horse did reach has reached some girls .	has the boy that some horse did reach reached some girls ?
the boy who is knowing the person has fed this girl that some babies were watching .	has the boy who is knowing the person fed this girl that some babies were watching ?
the animal that is calling this person was falling .	was the animal that is calling this person falling ?
some children that are helping the horse have worked .	have some children that are helping the horse worked ?
this girl that would visit some children was playing .	was this girl that would visit some children playing ?
some children who can see some baby shall reach some baby behind some person .	shall some children who can see some baby reach some baby behind some person ?
those girls that this baby can see were sleeping .	were those girls that this baby can see sleeping ?
this boy that was watching the child is falling .	is this boy that was watching the child falling ?
the boy that this child is feeding has worked .	has the boy that this child is feeding worked ?
this baby who does find this child can sit .	can this baby who does find this child sit ?
the boy who shall talk has fallen .	has the boy who shall talk fallen ?
some girl who the animals do watch has seen those children behind some horse .	has some girl who the animals do watch seen those children behind some horse ?
this person who would pick the boys has walked .	has this person who would pick the boys walked ?
this baby who is knowing the horses has sat .	has this baby who is knowing the horses sat ?
the child who some boy has found did sleep .	did the child who some boy has found sleep ?
the boys that have reached the boys are knowing the child by some animals .	are the boys that have reached the boys knowing the child by some animals ?
some girls who some horses can find have helped the girl .	have some girls who some horses can find helped the girl ?
the people who are trying can work .	can the people who are trying work ?
some animals that those girls were calling have tried .	have some animals that those girls were calling tried ?
some boys who the babies can pick were siting .	were some boys who the babies can pick siting ?
some animal who the children have found does watch some boys by the child .	does some animal who the children have found watch some boys by the child ?
this animal that some people are calling is visiting this child .	is this animal that some people are calling visiting this child ?
some children who can pick some girl are trying .	are some children who can pick some girl trying ?
some baby who some babies can watch has found this animal behind some boy .	has some baby who some babies can watch found this animal behind some boy ?
those horses who can play have fed the person .	have those horses who can play fed the person ?
those animals that the child would visit do fall .	do those animals that the child would visit fall ?
some animals who did feed some baby have played .	have some animals who did feed some baby played ?
some babies that have sat would help this horse by the children .	would some babies that have sat help this horse by the children ?
the baby that those people were helping has worked .	has the baby that those people were helping worked ?
the child that some animals have helped is feeding some horse .	is the child that some animals have helped feeding some horse ?
the horses who have reached the baby are drawing .	are the horses who have reached the baby drawing ?
some horses who would watch the people have reached some children that this baby did pick .	have some horses who would watch the people reached some children that this baby did pick ?
this girl that the horse has reached would find some people by those boys .	would this girl that the horse has reached find some people by those boys ?
this animal that is seeing some baby has read .	has this animal that is seeing some baby read ?
some child that some babies are finding is working .	is some child that some babies are finding working ?
some girls that would work were helping the babies .	were some girls that would work helping the babies ?
the children that are calling some people have seen some boy that some boy would see .	have the children that are calling some people seen some boy that some boy would see ?
some child that was walking shall feed those boys behind some babies .	shall some child that was walking feed those boys behind some babies ?
some animals that this girl has reached shall see the animal by those children .	shall some animals that this girl has reached see the animal by those children ?
this person that the boys have fed was seeing those people by this baby .	was this person that the boys have fed seeing those people by this baby ?
some girl that the boy did pick has reached some babies that some people have known .	has some girl that the boy did pick reached some babies that some people have known ?
some baby that those babies have found is walking .	is some baby that those babies have found walking ?
some child who has tried does read .	does some child who has tried read ?
the girls who did sit do talk .	do the girls who did sit talk ?
the horses who are feeding some boys have seen the boy by those animals .	have the horses who are feeding some boys seen the boy by those animals ?
this boy that is walking shall reach the animal behind this girl .	shall this boy that is walking reach the animal behind this girl ?
the animals that can see those babies are visiting the babies .	are the animals that can see those babies visiting the babies ?
some children who some girls are reaching would pick this child .	would some children who some girls are reaching pick this child ?
the animal that would help this boy is watching some horse by this child .	is the animal that would help this boy watching some horse by this child ?
the person that some people are picking shall find some people by those people .	shall the person that some people are picking find some people by those people ?
some girl who would reach the baby has talked .	has some girl who would reach the baby talked ?
the horse that is playing has reached some animal by some person .	has the horse that is playing reached some animal by some person ?
those children that the baby has called do pick this boy .	do those children that the baby has called pick this boy ?
the horse who has picked this person can pick the children who some animal did watch .	can the horse who has picked this person pick the children who some animal did watch ?
the babies who some babies did call have fed those horses .	have the babies who some babies did call fed those horses ?
this boy who some girls are finding shall find this baby .	shall this boy who some girls are finding find this baby ?
the boy that is helping some girls shall sleep .	shall the boy that is helping some girls sleep ?
the boy that some animals were seeing was siting .	was the boy that some animals were seeing siting ?
those people who some animals have found shall play .	shall those people who some animals have found play ?
some horse who shall call some horse has called those horses .	has some horse who shall call some horse called those horses ?
the horse who has played can know this horse by those animals .	can the horse who has played know this horse by those animals ?
the horse who the girls can see has called the baby behind the girls .	has the horse who the girls can see called the baby behind the girls ?
this animal who those boys are visiting has watched this child by those children .	has this animal who those boys are visiting watched this child by those children ?
the babies that the babies can reach do try .	do the babies that the babies can reach try ?
some girl who does find the babies shall walk .	shall some girl who does find the babies walk ?
this child that was knowing those animals does fall .	does this child that was knowing those animals fall ?
those people that this animal was calling would work .	would those people that this animal was calling work ?
this horse that is seeing some child was visiting some person behind those boys .	was this horse that is seeing some child visiting some person behind those boys ?
the girl that is helping some animals has seen those people who shall help some animals .	has the girl that is helping some animals seen those people who shall help some animals ?
some girl who was watching this baby is finding the boys who have visited those girls .	is some girl who was watching this baby finding the boys who have visited those girls ?
those girls who do find this person have tried .	have those girls who do find this person tried ?
the animals who the horses can help shall try .	shall the animals who the horses can help try ?
some animal who is seeing some animal has worked .	has some animal who is seeing some animal worked ?
some horses who this boy has seen would work .	would some horses who this boy has seen work ?
some child who has called the people can feed some babies behind some baby .	can some child who has called the people feed some babies behind some baby ?
the boys that do feed some animal have visited some baby .	have the boys that do feed some animal visited some baby ?
this animal that this child does reach has sat .	has this animal that this child does reach sat ?
those girls that were feeding some baby can see some animal by some baby .	can those girls that were feeding some baby see some animal by some baby ?
the babies who did call some children have drawn .	have the babies who did call some children drawn ?
this person that was knowing the girls has watched the boys .	has this person that was knowing the girls watched the boys ?
those horses that did see some horses are falling .	are those horses that did see some horses falling ?
the people that some babies can pick would help some boys that were reaching the children .	would the people that some babies can pick help some boys that were reaching the children ?
some boys that are calling some boy were siting .	were some boys that are calling some boy siting ?
some child that is working can call this child .	can some child that is working call this child ?
the boys who some animal was reaching have visited this boy that the girls have seen .	have the boys who some animal was reaching visited this boy that the girls have seen ?
the animals who were reading did sleep .	did the animals who were reading sleep ?
the baby who some girls shall pick was knowing some boys behind some girl .	was the baby who some girls shall pick knowing some boys behind some girl ?
the girls that the children shall see can find the child .	can the girls that the children shall see find the child ?
those boys who are visiting those children did feed some girl behind the person .	did those boys who are visiting those children feed some girl behind the person ?
the animal who the girls have reached did call some child who some child was picking .	did the animal who the girls have reached call some child who some child was picking ?
this baby who the people shall feed can play .	can this baby who the people shall feed play ?
this child that can know some animal has visited the child who some girls have reached .	has this child that can know some animal visited the child who some girls have reached ?
some boys who were finding some boy would draw .	would some boys who were finding some boy draw ?
the horse who would feed some child was drawing .	was the horse who would feed some child drawing ?
the babies who the baby shall pick would talk .	would the babies who the baby shall pick talk ?
some girl who is falling would talk .	would some girl who is falling talk ?
the horses that some babies did know were trying .	were the horses that some babies did know trying ?
those animals that were sleeping have slept .	have those animals that were sleeping slept ?
this person that shall feed the girls did walk .	did this person that shall feed the girls walk ?
some boys that some children would visit have called some animal by the animal .	have some boys that some children would visit called some animal by the animal ?
some animal that did pick some animal was feeding some person behind the babies .	was some animal that did pick some animal feeding some person behind the babies ?
this animal that has known this baby does read .	does this animal that has known this baby read ?
those animals who were picking this child can see those people that the baby has called .	can those animals who were picking this child see those people that the baby has called ?
some babies who some girls can pick have worked .	have some babies who some girls can pick worked ?
this animal who the horses are visiting is talking .	is this animal who the horses are visiting talking ?
some horses who some horses do reach can fall .	can some horses who some horses do reach fall ?
those people who would feed those people did watch the horses behind this animal .	did those people who would feed those people watch the horses behind this animal ?
the person who some horse can know was picking the horses by the animals .	was the person who some horse can know picking the horses by the animals ?
some animal who has fed the horse was falling .	was some animal who has fed the horse falling ?
those horses that this animal does see are playing .	are those horses that this animal does see playing ?
some boy that has walked did find this child behind the boy .	did some boy that has walked find this child behind the boy ?
some horse who this child would find has sat .	has some horse who this child would find sat ?
the girl that has fed the animal was calling the boys that some animals did visit .	was the girl that has fed the animal calling the boys that some animals did visit ?
some horse that shall feed some horses has tried .	has some horse that shall feed some horses tried ?
this child who is finding the girl would watch some animals by this person .	would this child who is finding the girl watch some animals by this person ?
the child that has helped some person was seeing those people behind this animal .	was the child that has helped some person seeing those people behind this animal ?
the people who do sleep are reaching this boy .	are the people who do sleep reaching this boy ?
the person that some girls were knowing was sleeping .	was the person that some girls were knowing sleeping ?
this baby who was feeding this animal is trying .	is this baby who was feeding this animal trying ?
the girl that was trying can draw .	can the girl that was trying draw ?
those babies that have fallen did try .	did those babies that have fallen try ?
some animals that this baby has found are talking .	are some animals that this baby has found talking ?
some girl who some babies shall visit has fed this child that has tried .	has some girl who some babies shall visit fed this child that has tried ?
some child who has reached the people was talking .	was some child who has reached the people talking ?
some boy who shall call some people would play .	would some boy who shall call some people play ?
those girls who have fed the girls did talk .	did those girls who have fed the girls talk ?
some animals who some people have picked are drawing .	are some animals who some people have picked drawing ?
some child who those people have picked does see those people by some boys .	does some child who those people have picked see those people by some boys ?
some person that some girls do pick was siting .	was some person that some girls do pick siting ?
this child who can visit some children has found some boy by the person .	has this child who can visit some children found some boy by the person ?
the girls that would play have tried .	have the girls that would play tried ?
the child who those animals shall find does reach those people behind some horse .	does the child who those animals shall find reach those people behind some horse ?
the person who the horse has found was falling .	was the person who the horse has found falling ?
some children that those horses did feed have read .	have some children that those horses did feed read ?
some children that shall play are sleeping .	are some children that shall play sleeping ?
the baby who was feeding the animals shall pick the people .	shall the baby who was feeding the animals pick the people ?
the animals who are watching those babies were falling .	were the animals who are watching those babies falling ?
those girls that this horse has fed have slept .	have those girls that this horse has fed slept ?
the boys who the child can watch were calling those children .	were the boys who the child can watch calling those children ?
some people who shall reach some animals would sleep .	would some people who shall reach some animals sleep ?
this baby who can call this horse has picked the baby .	has this baby who can call this horse picked the baby ?
the baby who those babies were picking is talking .	is the baby who those babies were picking talking ?
this boy who the horse does find has slept .	has this boy who the horse does find slept ?
those children that this girl would reach have slept .	have those children that this girl would reach slept ?
the animal that is working was watching the horse .	was the animal that is working watching the horse ?
the animals that this baby does help can reach those girls by some children .	can the animals that this baby does help reach those girls by some children ?
this horse that was working would know the boys behind some child .	would this horse that was working know the boys behind some child ?
those babies that are seeing the animals shall draw .	shall those babies that are seeing the animals draw ?
the person that has fed those children did find this baby by this child .	did the person that has fed those children find this baby by this child ?
the animal that does sleep has talked .	has the animal that does sleep talked ?
the people that have called those animals can call this animal .	can the people that have called those animals call this animal ?
some animal that the boys are visiting was reaching some children .	was some animal that the boys are visiting reaching some children ?
those animals who can play were calling some boys by those people .	were those animals who can play calling some boys by those people ?
some children who some horse is helping are calling some child .	are some children who some horse is helping calling some child ?
some child that does walk was sleeping .	was some child that does walk sleeping ?
those children that have slept were visiting the babies that this person shall watch .	were those children that have slept visiting the babies that this person shall watch ?
this horse that would call some babies can pick those boys .	can this horse that would call some babies pick those boys ?
some boy who some boy is seeing has watched this baby by some child .	has some boy who some boy is seeing watched this baby by some child ?
this horse that has walked was reading .	was this horse that has walked reading ?
those boys that were picking some horse did draw .	did those boys that were picking some horse draw ?
those horses who can walk would sit .	would those horses who can walk sit ?
this child that can fall was sleeping .	was this child that can fall sleeping ?
this baby who has talked does know some animals behind the babies .	does this baby who has talked know some animals behind the babies ?
some animal who the animals were feeding would pick the babies .	would some animal who the animals were feeding pick the babies ?
some babies who would pick this boy do feed those children .	do some babies who would pick this boy feed those children ?
some horse that has known the people was falling .	was some horse that has known the people falling ?
this child that shall visit some child would draw .	would this child that shall visit some child draw ?
the child that the boy does watch is talking .	is the child that the boy does watch talking ?
the child that would watch some child has watched the boys behind some child .	has the child that would watch some child watched the boys behind some child ?
the boy who some boys would see can visit the boy by the horse .	can the boy who some boys would see visit the boy by the horse ?
some girl who has watched the boy was sleeping .	was some girl who has watched the boy sleeping ?
the boy who has drawn is finding those girls by the horses .	is the boy who has drawn finding those girls by the horses ?
the boy that some person has reached did reach some people by the girls .	did the boy that some person has reached reach some people by the girls ?
some horses that some girls are calling have worked .	have some horses that some girls are calling worked ?
some baby who is finding some people did walk .	did some baby who is finding some people walk ?
the boys who do reach some girl did find some person .	did the boys who do reach some girl find some person ?
those animals who have known some children are siting .	are those animals who have known some children siting ?
some boy who has drawn is reaching the child by those girls .	is some boy who has drawn reaching the child by those girls ?
some animal who this person was reaching has drawn .	has some animal who this person was reaching drawn ?
the boys that have played do draw .	do the boys that have played draw ?
this child that would sleep is reaching some baby .	is this child that would sleep reaching some baby ?
the person that the girls have known shall see the animal .	shall the person that the girls have known see the animal ?
the girl who shall fall has seen the children .	has the girl who shall fall seen the children ?
some animal that the boys were knowing has drawn .	has some animal that the boys were knowing drawn ?
some girls that the girls can help are drawing .	are some girls that the girls can help drawing ?
the girl who some people do find has slept .	has the girl who some people do find slept ?
this person who some people can help would sit .	would this person who some people can help sit ?
those children that are reading have talked .	have those children that are reading talked ?
those babies that have watched the children shall work .	shall those babies that have watched the children work ?
some animals that shall reach some baby have seen the boy that has fed the horse .	have some animals that shall reach some baby seen the boy that has fed the horse ?
the babies who some person can pick have found the babies that were knowing the horse .	have the babies who some person can pick found the babies that were knowing the horse ?
this person that has drawn is feeding those boys behind some girls .	is this person that has drawn feeding those boys behind some girls ?
the children who do work have worked .	have the children who do work worked ?
this person that has picked some boys is picking the horses behind the girls .	is this person that has picked some boys picking the horses behind the girls ?
the boy who did pick some children was reading .	was the boy who did pick some children reading ?
some baby that has sat was picking some baby by the person .	was some baby that has sat picking some baby by the person ?
the child that was picking those boys does work .	does the child that was picking those boys work ?
those children that were drawing have fed some babies that this person was watching .	have those children that were drawing fed some babies that this person was watching ?
some boy that does know some baby can call some animals .	can some boy that does know some baby call some animals ?
some person that is reaching some girl has drawn .	has some person that is reaching some girl drawn ?
some horses that some baby shall see have walked .	have some horses that some baby shall see walked ?
those animals that some people have reached are watching the child by some child .	are those animals that some people have reached watching the child by some child ?
the horses who would help the people have visited the babies that this horse has fed .	have the horses who would help the people visited the babies that this horse has fed ?
some child who can pick the girl has slept .	has some child who can pick the girl slept ?
this boy that has helped the child is siting .	is this boy that has helped the child siting ?
some babies who have worked would talk .	would some babies who have worked talk ?
the person that did help this person has reached the animal by the child .	has the person that did help this person reached the animal by the child ?
some animals that this person has watched have slept .	have some animals that this person has watched slept ?
those horses who the boy has watched have worked .	have those horses who the boy has watched worked ?
the person who the girl has seen was drawing .	was the person who the girl has seen drawing ?
this girl who this horse is knowing has fallen .	has this girl who this horse is knowing fallen ?
the babies that have found those children did reach the babies behind those people .	did the babies that have found those children reach the babies behind those people ?
the boys that have seen the girls are playing .	are the boys that have seen the girls playing ?
this child that those animals have reached was reaching some girls by the girls .	was this child that those animals have reached reaching some girls by the girls ?
some girls who the girls can find have fed the horses that have fed this boy .	have some girls who the girls can find fed the horses that have fed this boy ?
some boys who this horse has picked would reach the horses by some children .	would some boys who this horse has picked reach the horses by some children ?
the babies who have watched some girl do talk .	do the babies who have watched some girl talk ?
the babies who those animals are picking would find those horses .	would the babies who those animals are picking find those horses ?
this girl who the animal has fed would try .	would this girl who the animal has fed try ?
some children who do reach some people did work .	did some children who do reach some people work ?
the boys that some animal has called have talked .	have the boys that some animal has called talked ?
some people who some children have helped are working .	are some people who some children have helped working ?
this child who has helped some girls does see some boy by some person .	does this child who has helped some girls see some boy by some person ?
those babies who the horse would see have picked some people who are siting .	have those babies who the horse would see picked some people who are siting ?
the boy who those people have visited shall walk .	shall the boy who those people have visited walk ?
this baby that does see the people has walked .	has this baby that does see the people walked ?
the girls who were calling some girls do pick this animal that has found the babies .	do the girls who were calling some girls pick this animal that has found the babies ?
this girl who shall know some baby can sleep .	can this girl who shall know some baby sleep ?
some boy that the baby has watched can walk .	can some boy that the baby has watched walk ?
this baby who those boys have called has sat .	has this baby who those boys have called sat ?
the horse that is picking this girl shall sit .	shall the horse that is picking this girl sit ?
the animals who shall pick those horses were working .	were the animals who shall pick those horses working ?
the boys that the boy has helped shall pick some girl that can fall .	shall the boys that the boy has helped pick some girl that can fall ?
those children who the person would feed can read .	can those children who the person would feed read ?
the children who the horses were visiting have tried .	have the children who the horses were visiting tried ?
the animals that some horse would watch are calling some horses behind the girl .	are the animals that some horse would watch calling some horses behind the girl ?
the boys who this animal would feed did call those horses by some animals .	did the boys who this animal would feed call those horses by some animals ?
the person who some horses are picking is talking .	is the person who some horses are picking talking ?
the horses that this person can reach have called this boy .	have the horses that this person can reach called this boy ?
some girl that has called the people does play .	does some girl that has called the people play ?
some children that the boy does see were sleeping .	were some children that the boy does see sleeping ?
some person that was trying is sleeping .	is some person that was trying sleeping ?
some child that has helped some horses does pick the baby by the horse .	does some child that has helped some horses pick the baby by the horse ?
some animal who is picking the child would try .	would some animal who is picking the child try ?
the child that shall watch some boys has drawn .	has the child that shall watch some boys drawn ?
those children who shall pick the girls have tried .	have those children who shall pick the girls tried ?
some horse that is picking the boys shall see the children who some girls are helping .	shall some horse that is picking the boys see the children who some girls are helping ?
this child that did watch those animals is sleeping .	is this child that did watch those animals sleeping ?
the child who the baby has helped does work .	does the child who the baby has helped work ?
the boy who has read was working .	was the boy who has read working ?
some animal that the animal does feed has drawn .	has some animal that the animal does feed drawn ?
the babies who the children can call would draw .	would the babies who the children can call draw ?
the people who are knowing some girls have played .	have the people who are knowing some girls played ?
some babies who the girls have helped were playing .	were some babies who the girls have helped playing ?
this baby that has talked was trying .	was this baby that has talked trying ?
some girl that was falling does try .	does some girl that was falling try ?
some girl that the horses have watched has fallen .	has some girl that the horses have watched fallen ?
those babies that some baby would pick have drawn .	have those babies that some baby would pick drawn ?
those girls that the baby does see are reading .	are those girls that the baby does see reading ?
the children that were seeing some horse have reached some horses .	have the children that were seeing some horse reached some horses ?
the girls who those horses have found do play .	do the girls who those horses have found play ?
the people that some person did reach have reached some babies .	have the people that some person did reach reached some babies ?
this animal who does feed those children has reached this person .	has this animal who does feed those children reached this person ?
this girl who does sleep shall draw .	shall this girl who does sleep draw ?
some girl who did find those horses does see some animal .	does some girl who did find those horses see some animal ?
some person who was working is picking the girls by the person .	is some person who was working picking the girls by the person ?
this horse that has reached some horse was picking those animals who the horses do help .	was this horse that has reached some horse picking those animals who the horses do help ?
some horse that is knowing the boys did sit .	did some horse that is knowing the boys sit ?
some babies that have picked the boy did find the child by this girl .	did some babies that have picked the boy find the child by this girl ?
some child who did reach those children has walked .	has some child who did reach those children walked ?
the animal who some animal has watched did try .	did the animal who some animal has watched try ?
this boy who has slept is falling .	is this boy who has slept falling ?
this horse that has called the animals does try .	does this horse that has called the animals try ?
this horse that shall call some babies does work .	does this horse that shall call some babies work ?
those children who have read are knowing those horses .	are those children who have read knowing those horses ?
those boys who are picking the girl do see some baby behind those boys .	do those boys who are picking the girl see some baby behind those boys ?
this person who some children were finding has fallen .	has this person who some children were finding fallen ?
those boys that have known the child did know some children behind some animal .	did those boys that have known the child know some children behind some animal ?
this boy who some children have reached would fall .	would this boy who some children have reached fall ?
this boy that this horse has watched is siting .	is this boy that this horse has watched siting ?
some person that is knowing those children can call those animals behind the horse .	can some person that is knowing those children call those animals behind the horse ?
the animals that have reached some girls were visiting those girls who the people would help .	were the animals that have reached some girls visiting those girls who the people would help ?
this child who is drawing has known some boy behind some animals .	has this child who is drawing known some boy behind some animals ?
those boys that some children were feeding did fall .	did those boys that some children were feeding fall ?
some horses that some girl is reaching were talking .	were some horses that some girl is reaching talking ?
the baby who this child has seen was knowing this person who some girls shall watch .	was the baby who this child has seen knowing this person who some girls shall watch ?
some child who shall visit the boy is watching some baby by the horses .	is some child who shall visit the boy watching some baby by the horses ?
the child that has worked would try .	would the child that has worked try ?
this animal who the boys are picking has played .	has this animal who the boys are picking played ?
some animals who this girl has known are helping those children .	are some animals who this girl has known helping those children ?
those boys who have visited the animal were calling those babies .	were those boys who have visited the animal calling those babies ?
some boy who was finding the child shall find some babies behind the girl .	shall some boy who was finding the child find some babies behind the girl ?
the girl who this person has watched was knowing some babies by the animals .	was the girl who this person has watched knowing some babies by the animals ?
the animal who is helping the baby would reach some people by some girl .	would the animal who is helping the baby reach some people by some girl ?
some baby who would call this baby does know those girls behind the babies .	does some baby who would call this baby know those girls behind the babies ?
some children that some babies are watching were siting .	were some children that some babies are watching siting ?
some babies that have seen the horses would find the person who the girls are finding .	would some babies that have seen the horses find the person who the girls are finding ?
the horses who did watch this child would play .	would the horses who did watch this child play ?
this person who those children do help is walking .	is this person who those children do help walking ?
those horses that are falling were seeing some baby .	were those horses that are falling seeing some baby ?
the child who has reached those babies shall work .	shall the child who has reached those babies work ?
some children who have fed this baby can pick some people .	can some children who have fed this baby pick some people ?
those children who this horse would know do try .	do those children who this horse would know try ?
some people that have talked would see this girl that the boy does call .	would some people that have talked see this girl that the boy does call ?
some girl that the babies can feed was falling .	was some girl that the babies can feed falling ?
those animals that are working can know the child by this boy .	can those animals that are working know the child by this boy ?
those babies who can play would help those babies that some girl is watching .	would those babies who can play help those babies that some girl is watching ?
the person who those horses were seeing would draw .	would the person who those horses were seeing draw ?
those animals who were calling some horse would see those boys that the girls were picking .	would those animals who were calling some horse see those boys that the girls were picking ?
the girls that were reaching some people are reading .	are the girls that were reaching some people reading ?
the boys that are drawing have talked .	have the boys that are drawing talked ?
some girls that are reading were knowing the baby by the horse .	were some girls that are reading knowing the baby by the horse ?
some babies who some horse has visited are sleeping .	are some babies who some horse has visited sleeping ?
some girls who are visiting the animal were reaching those boys by the horse .	were some girls who are visiting the animal reaching those boys by the horse ?
this horse who was feeding the animal has played .	has this horse who was feeding the animal played ?
the boys who did work were watching the baby .	were the boys who did work watching the baby ?
the children that those boys shall see can know the horse that this animal was feeding .	can the children that those boys shall see know the horse that this animal was feeding ?
the girl that can work has worked .	has the girl that can work worked ?
some person who some girl has reached shall reach this boy who has fallen .	shall some person who some girl has reached reach this boy who has fallen ?
some people who this child does pick did talk .	did some people who this child does pick talk ?
those animals that shall feed those horses are helping the horse .	are those animals that shall feed those horses helping the horse ?
those animals who those children are picking have watched some boy that is helping the horses .	have those animals who those children are picking watched some boy that is helping the horses ?
this horse that some girl can reach would work .	would this horse that some girl can reach work ?
some animals that those horses did find were siting .	were some animals that those horses did find siting ?
this child that those children have reached shall try .	shall this child that those children have reached try ?
the girl that was picking this boy has watched some horses by the girl .	has the girl that was picking this boy watched some horses by the girl ?
the animals that the boys did help have found some baby .	have the animals that the boys did help found some baby ?
this baby that some animal has picked can visit those people .	can this baby that some animal has picked visit those people ?
some babies who have watched this boy are working .	are some babies who have watched this boy working ?
some girl who did play was picking the animal .	was some girl who did play picking the animal ?
this animal who some babies have fed would work .	would this animal who some babies have fed work ?
this horse that this child has helped can visit the girls behind this person .	can this horse that this child has helped visit the girls behind this person ?
some babies who were working would fall .	would some babies who were working fall ?
the girl who was finding some animal can call the baby by the babies .	can the girl who was finding some animal call the baby by the babies ?
the children that the animals have helped do read .	do the children that the animals have helped read ?
the boy who was seeing some animals can pick the boys .	can the boy who was seeing some animals pick the boys ?
those children who some horses are reaching would feed some child that the girl did pick .	would those children who some horses are reaching feed some child that the girl did pick ?
those animals who shall know some animals have reached those children .	have those animals who shall know some animals reached those children ?
this girl who this boy has seen would talk .	would this girl who this boy has seen talk ?
this person that can help the horse has walked .	has this person that can help the horse walked ?
some children who have helped those children can talk .	can some children who have helped those children talk ?
some people who did see some child were drawing .	were some people who did see some child drawing ?
this horse that is watching this animal has found those boys .	has this horse that is watching this animal found those boys ?
the animal who this child can call was picking those girls by the girls .	was the animal who this child can call picking those girls by the girls ?
the girls that were knowing the baby have fallen .	have the girls that were knowing the baby fallen ?
some baby who some boys were knowing does watch some animals who are watching this child .	does some baby who some boys were knowing watch some animals who are watching this child ?
the animals who have helped some girls were working .	were the animals who have helped some girls working ?
some person that the baby is calling has helped the boys behind the boys .	has some person that the baby is calling helped the boys behind the boys ?
some animals that were working do watch those horses by some babies .	do some animals that were working watch those horses by some babies ?
some baby who this child has visited is knowing the boys by some girls .	is some baby who this child has visited knowing the boys by some girls ?
this boy that the people were reaching does help the girl by this horse .	does this boy that the people were reaching help the girl by this horse ?
some animals who do visit some horses are watching the people .	are some animals who do visit some horses watching the people ?
those boys that the people have watched are helping the child .	are those boys that the people have watched helping the child ?
some girls that the animal was calling would sit .	would some girls that the animal was calling sit ?
this person that has seen some boys shall play .	shall this person that has seen some boys play ?
the babies who those children do visit can know this girl .	can the babies who those children do visit know this girl ?
some child who has played would fall .	would some child who has played fall ?
some boy who the girls have watched is walking .	is some boy who the girls have watched walking ?
the horses that the girls did know were helping some children by this baby .	were the horses that the girls did know helping some children by this baby ?
some baby who some animal has called did help some children that have found those people .	did some baby who some animal has called help some children that have found those people ?
the person who has picked some person is reading .	is the person who has picked some person reading ?
this horse that did pick the horse has called some babies that some boys can visit .	has this horse that did pick the horse called some babies that some boys can visit ?
the child who those boys did see can walk .	can the child who those boys did see walk ?
the horses who shall watch the girls did sleep .	did the horses who shall watch the girls sleep ?
this horse who those horses were visiting would sleep .	would this horse who those horses were visiting sleep ?
the girl who this girl would watch is knowing some horse by some animals .	is the girl who this girl would watch knowing some horse by some animals ?
the animal that was watching some horse has watched those boys .	has the animal that was watching some horse watched those boys ?
the girl who some person would watch did know those boys behind the girls .	did the girl who some person would watch know those boys behind the girls ?
some person who some people are helping has known the baby that can try .	has some person who some people are helping known the baby that can try ?
some baby who some boy is finding was knowing the people behind the girl .	was some baby who some boy is finding knowing the people behind the girl ?
the girls that can know the girls were sleeping .	were the girls that can know the girls sleeping ?
some boys who are visiting some horse were walking .	were some boys who are visiting some horse walking ?
some horse that some animals have reached was siting .	was some horse that some animals have reached siting ?
some babies who those people have helped do see the babies behind some baby .	do some babies who those people have helped see the babies behind some baby ?
this horse who some horse is visiting was drawing .	was this horse who some horse is visiting drawing ?
the horse that those animals do visit shall fall .	shall the horse that those animals do visit fall ?
this baby who the horse shall watch can pick this horse who would watch some boy .	can this baby who the horse shall watch pick this horse who would watch some boy ?
those babies who the horse has helped have slept .	have those babies who the horse has helped slept ?
